One day trip in Singapore for ITB Asia attendees Published on : Thursday, September 24, 2015
Are you planning to be part of the ITB Asia this year? Yes, it will be a thoroughly packed convention with back to back events ending on a high note before the weekend. A one day trip may prove to be quite stimulating so why not book your return tickets after the weekend and see a bit of Singapore this time?
You can let go of the fatigue by the infinity pool of Marina Bay sand, which is hosting the event but for those who have not chosen this venue for boarding, the weekend after the event comes to a close can be used for a one day trip to look around Singapore. If you can alter your plans then this might come in handy.
On Friday night get in touch with local car or bus rentals for best deals on one day trips . There are number of companies that will gladly provide you with their service. You may find them at the ITB venue.
Wake up early on Saturday. There are plenty of local operators to help you out. The places to look out for in the city are many, but you need to be choosy as there is hardly any time and you wish to make the best out of a one day trip.
Start your outing by getting a complete view of the city on the Singapore Flyer . This is the world’s second tallest observation wheel for scenic views of Marina Bay, the Central Business District, and beyond.
The Singapore Botanic Gardens is located in the city centre but feels like a world away. Highlight attractions worth visiting include the National Orchid Garden and Jacob Ballas Children’s Garden.
Visit Thian Hock Keng Temple , one of Singapore’s oldest Buddhist-Taoist temples before driving past Chinatown . Stop by a Local Handicraft Centre and observe craftsmen at work up-close. Little India will entrance you with the scent of joss sticks, jasmine and spices.
Jurong Bird Park is a 20.2 hectare open-concept park. It is the largest in the Asia Pacific and the best in the world. Its collection of more than 9,000 birds from 600 species is among the largest in the world. The Park specialises in birds from South Asia. The Park has four aviaries, among which is the world’s largest walk-in aviary with the tallest man-made waterfall for visitors to enjoy a close-up view of free-flying birds from Africa and South American Birds, staged at the Pool Amphitheatre and Fuji Hawk .
You would be hungry with so much sightseeing. Your appetite will be wanting for some great food. Get a true feel of Singaporean food from the Hawker Centre. local dishes like chicken rice and fried carrot cake, at various hawker centres including Maxwell Food Centre, Lau Pa Sat, and Chomp Chomp Food Centre are just perfect to make a wholesome luncheon.
After lunch you may like to take it easy. Visit the Padang, The Esplanade and Merlion, a mythical beast, Singapore‘s original half lion, half fish. Next, visit Asian Civilisations Museum or Singapore Philatelic Museum or Singapore Arts Museum.
Singapore Zoo has a collection of animals from the elephants of Asia, Californian sealions, kangaroos, Tigers, White tigers and many more. Walk down the orchid garden in the zoo.
Escape to the Theme park and get a slice of nerve wrecking rides. Go for the world highest Go-Kart circuit, Ride on Singapore’s first in-door roller coaster and many more exciting rides.
You can call it a day and prepare yourself for a next day’s trip.
For the next day, you can take a one day trip to the Sentosa resort which offers world class entertainment Madame Tussauds Singapore, S.E.A Aquarium, and Adventure Cove Waterpark . You can take back good memories with you as you fly back home.