 ReportBuyer
LONDON , Aug. 25, The basic stop-start system is gradually evolving into one piece of a multifaceted approach to improving fuel economy in light duty vehicles. Enabling an automatic engine stop to avoid idling for long periods requires that other systems are also electrified and made more efficient. This spurs the development and implementation of ancillary systems such as air conditioning, power steering, and brake assistance that are only activated when required, rather than being a small but constant drain on engine output. The addition of electrical components also means that better use can be made of energy recovered from regenerative braking, which leads to demand for more onboard energy storage.
North America has been a target market for stop-start systems since the technology was embraced in Western Europe , but initial rollouts were met with a wave of consumer resistance. Manufacturers are now faced with refining system performance to appeal to American drivers. This experience is further evidence that knowledge of local tastes and preferences is vital to the implementation of any automotive technology. Smoother and faster operation is key to stop-start systems gaining acceptance in North America . According to Navigant Research, total global sales for light duty stop-start vehicles (SSVs) are expected to grow from 19 million vehicles in 2015 to nearly 59 million by 2024.
This Navigant Research report analyzes the opportunities and challenges present in the global market for light duty SSVs. The study examines the major components of stop-start systems, with a focus on the technologies used for energy storage, including lead-acid batteries, lithium ion (Li-ion) batteries, and ultracapacitors. Global market forecasts for light duty SSVs, segmented by technology and region, extend through 2024. The report also contains profiles of the key market players and detailed analyses of the benefits and market drivers and barriers related to light duty SSVs.
Key Questions Addressed:
What are the different technologies used for energy storage in stop-start vehicles (SSVs)?
What new developments in SSV technology can be expected in the future?
How do SSVs differ from micro hybrid and mild hybrid vehicles?
How quickly will the light duty SSV market grow?
How will the light duty SSV market compare to the electric vehicle (EV) and hybrid electric vehicle (HEV) markets?
Who are the key players in the SSV market?
Why has stop-start technology availability to date been concentrated in Europe ?
What are the typical savings in emissions and fuel that fleet managers can expect from SSVs?
Who needs this report?
Vehicle manufacturers
Vehicle component suppliers
Battery manufacturers
Ultracapacitor manufacturers
Electronics suppliers
Fleet managers
Government agencies
Investor community
Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/2841928/
About Reportbuyer
Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers
http://www.reportbuyer.com
For more information:
Sarah Smith
Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com
Email: query@reportbuyer.com
Tel: +44 208 816 85 48
Website: www.reportbuyer.com
 releases/stop-start-vehicles-onboard-energy-storage-lead-acid-batteries-lithium-ion-batteries-and-ultracapacitors-global-market-analysis-and-forecasts-300133186.html
 