Macarthur ‘Flushed’ With City Pride Published on : Monday, August 10, 2015
Young people of the Macarthur region have helped turn the mundane into art by transforming new toilet blocks into eye-catching artworks that reflect the region’s natural, heritage and cultural appeal.
Twelve graphic design students from the South Western Sydney Institute of TAFE have partnered with Campbelltown City Council to enhance the complete façades of new public amenity buildings across Campbelltown.
The ‘Exeloo Decal Design Project’ aimed to ‘lift the lid’ on some local talent and required students to develop four unique designs based on the geographic, historic and environmental features of the Macarthur area. Four winning designs were chosen for the new Exeloo toilets, which are fully automated and talk, wash and dry themselves.
Three of the decorated toilet blocks, located at Campbelltown Skate Park at Leumeah, Kentlyn Reserve and Ingleburn Reserve will be completed and ready by Friday, July 17, 2015, while the fourth will be at the designated site for the new St Helens Park Skate Park, due to be completed by the end of the year. The artworks, which envelop the lavatories depict the region’s sense of community, natural beauty and historical significance.
Mayor of Campbelltown, Cr Paul Lake, said the council was ‘flushed’ with excitement at seeing the final designs. “The level of detail, thought and creativity that has gone into each design is a credit to all of the students involved, and their teacher, and I’m sure this new form of public ‘art’ is set to be all the talk of Campbelltown,” Cr Lake said.
Students from Campbelltown Performing Arts High School have also contributed to the redesign of a local park, with more than 120 Year 8 students working collaboratively with the council as part of a place-based learning program. The partnership has resulted in some innovative new ideas for the Ingleburn Reserve, which will be incorporated into a Draft Plan of Management.
Ideas from the school students include educational signage concepts, handrails down to the weir featuring indigenous designs and a sculpture garden. Enhancements to the reserve, which is home to a number of endangered plant species, native birds and other wildlife, are already under way.
“The purpose of engaging the students was to explore avenues for the reserve which perhaps hadn’t been considered before and create a sense of ownership among young people in the community towards their local environment,” Cr Lake said. (U/A)show timingsDrishyam
Source:-Macarthur Tourism