 INRIX, Inc.
Chris Handley Named Vice President of Product Management & Analytics; INRIX Expands Mobile Big Data Expertise
KIRKLAND, Wash. , Sept. 22, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- INRIX®, Inc. , a leading provider of transportation information, analytics and driver services for the connected car and smart cities worldwide, has named Chris Handley Vice President of Product Management and Analytics. Handley will lead the development of INRIX's ' movement analytics ' capability, which combines mobile network and GPS data sets to provide public sector and enterprise customers with unique and accurate insights into the movement of people and commerce in urban areas worldwide.
"Chris understands the potential of mobile big data disruption and the fact that mobile operators need to partner with established analytics providers with sophisticated platforms to successfully monetize their assets," said Steve Banfield , Chief Marketing Officer at INRIX. "We look forward to applying his expertise in the development of innovative analytics products and services to help solve urban mobility challenges globally."
By partnering with INRIX, operators can leverage movement analytics to create new revenue stream opportunities. Governments are set to be key beneficiaries as they increasingly invest in smart city initiatives and intelligent transport systems to improve urban mobility for businesses and citizens alike, as more and more people move into our largest urban centers.
"I am delighted to have joined INRIX as the company was one of the first to pioneer the use of mobile network data to provide population movement insights," said Handley. "I'm excited by the prospect of combining mobile big data with INRIX's unrivaled network of GPS and connected car data sets to create market-leading movement analytics solutions, and to tap into INRIX's heritage of delivering innovative technologies that benefit governments and cities worldwide."
Handley brings more than 20 years of data analytics and product development experience to INRIX. Most recently, he was Group Head of Analytics at Vodafone, responsible for the development and execution of strategy, product road map, key partner relationships and overall profit and loss. Previously, Handley held a variety of product management positions at AT&T Wireless, GoAhead Software and Visio.
He holds a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering from Santa Clara University and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Washington .
About INRIX
INRIX is one of the fastest growing big data technology companies in the world. The company leverages big data analytics to reduce the individual, economic and environmental toll of traffic congestion. Through cutting-edge data intelligence and predictive traffic technologies, INRIX helps leading automakers, fleets, governments and news organizations make it easier for drivers to navigate their world.
Our vision is simple – to solve traffic, empower drivers, inform planning and enhance commerce. Whether through an in-car or smartphone navigation application, a local newscast or our INRIX Traffic app, our up-to-the-minute traffic information and other driver services help millions of drivers save time, fuel and frustration. INRIX delivers traffic and driving-related insight, as well as sophisticated analytical tools and services to 400 customers, on five million miles (7.9 million km) of road in 42 countries. For more information, visit us at INRIX.com or download our INRIX XD Traffic App for iOS and Android.
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150922/269110
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150324/194153LOGO
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/inrix-hires-former-group-head-of-analytics-at-vodafone-300146725.html
 