WestJet launches nonstop service between Houston and Calgary Original, timely global, travel, tourism, business news and research: 
Sep 08, 2015 eTN Exclusive: Unique and original, timely, global breaking news: 
HOUSTON, TX - WestJet celebrated the launch of non-stop service between Houston and Calgary, Alberta when the inaugural flight from Calgary International Airport (YYC) to George Bush Intercontinental Airport (IAH) landed Sept. 8, 2015. 
The event was marked by a proclamation from the City of Houston, presented to WestJet Interim Chief Financial Officer Candice Li by Houston Aviation Chief Operating Officer Lance Lyttle, and an exchange of gifts before a ceremonial ribbon-cutting. 
"Houston's global profile continues to grow and our connection with the businesses and culture of Calgary strengthen that world-wide footprint," said Houston Mayor Annise Parker. "This new non-stop service complements the continued expansion of the international service available at IAH and will provide WestJet's customers with even better access to our dynamic, growing city and all that it offers." 
The new connection is part of ambitious expansion efforts by WestJet that included not only Houston, but also, for the first time in a decade, non-stop service to Gander, Newfoundland, both important destinations in the oil and gas industry. 
"Houston is well known as the 'Energy Capital of the World' and Calgary is widely recognized as one of Canada's main centers of the energy business," said Mario C. Diaz, the Houston Aviation Director. "We are confident this new partnership will help strengthen the connection between the two centers and create possibilities for future growth that are virtually unlimited." 
The Calgary-based airline will fly one daily round-trip flight on a Boeing 737 aircraft, departing from the Canadian airport at 10:25 a.m. (local time) and arriving in Houston at 3:22 p.m. (local time). "As the two largest oil cities in North America, Calgary-Houston is the most-requested route from our corporate travel clients in Western Canada," said Chris Avery, WestJet Vice-President, Network Planning, Alliances and Corporate Development. "And because of the challenges facing the energy sector today, there has never been a better time to take a serious look at our lower fares, amenities in Plus, the benefits of our WestJet Rewards program, and our ever-expanding network of destinations." 
WestJet is the latest in the growing international service at Bush Intercontinental. Already this year, Houston has welcomed new international service from Volaris, Vacation Express, All Nippon Airways and EVA Air and expanded service from several existing airlines. Later this year, Air New Zealand will begin nonstop service to Auckland, New Zealand.