Private donation paves safer path Comment Posted Jul. 16, 2015 at 7:00 PM By Matthew DuttonReview Atlas Posted Jul. 16, 2015 at 7:00 PM MONMOUTH — For years, Monmouth residents have been clamoring for a sidewalk to run down the hill on North Sixth Street near County Market and Jackson Avenue. Those citizens will soon get their wish, as the City Council recently agreed to construct the sidewalk using funds that were donated for that specific purpose. For bicyclists riding to work at Farmland and others walking to the grocery store, this major route will soon be safer. "We have been talking about doing this for a year or two, and everyone recognizes there is a need for it out there," said Public Works Director Andy Jackson. "It is a hazardous deal, with increased traffic, bicyclists and pedestrians having to share the road. The funding and the contractor have already been approved. Right now, it is simply a matter of hitting start. The funding came from a private donation, and the contractor is local. I personally think that is important. We are spending money, and we should make a point of spending it locally." The only speed bump delaying construction is the city's implementation of a new well. "One of the pipes running from the new well will be running somewhere out there, so we don't want to begin this until all other pieces have fallen into place," Jackson said. "Eventually, it will be much safer for motorists and pedestrians, once all is said and done. We have had a lot of general feedback over the past few years asking for this sidewalk." The new sidewalk will begin where the existing walk ends, near the beginning of the cemetery on the east side of North Sixth Street. The sidewalk will then make a straight line between the street and the cemetery. "The mayor heard the peoples' suggestions and brought this idea to me two or three years ago," Jackson said. "We gave it a look, and had it conceptually designed. We had the overall concept of what we wanted to do there and were waiting on the funds until this donation came in. The timing of this has actually worked out well, because now we won't have conflicting projects. We won't have to tear out part of the new sidewalk in order to make room for the new well's pipes. "The well does take precedence, but once we figure out where it will go, we can determine if there are going to be any conflicts with the sidewalk. We could possibly begin working on certain portions of the sidewalk during the construction of the well. This is not really a big project, but it will be nice to get it done. It will make a nice, better and safer area for everybody who uses it. If work could go uninterrupted on the sidewalk, our contractor could have it done in two or three weeks. Unfortunately, this is not the way things are, and it will take longer." Page 2 of 2 - The sidewalk will continue to follow the cemetery until reaching East Jackson Avenue, at which point a crosswalk will be installed at the corner of East Jackson Avenue and North Sixth Street. Once on the west side of Sixth Street, the sidewalk will travel close to County Market's parking lot, until it finally hooks into the existing crosswalk on U.S. 34. "It is going to cost $41,000 to complete this project. It will cover 1,675 feet," Jackson said. "The entire sidewalk is scheduled to be finished in the spring of 2016, barring an unforeseen incident." By Matthew Dutton