 Verizon
Milestone date in fictional series celebrated with "McFly Mode" DeLorean on Verizon's #WhyNotWednesday
NEW YORK This Wednesday, Verizon customers in New York City will get the chance to be transported Back to the Future – simply by ordering a ride using the Lyft rideshare app. Verizon will be making seven DeLoreans available exclusively through Lyft for the day. Just to be safe, the team has disconnected all Flux Capacitors.
It's all part of Verizon's #WhyNotWednesday program that each week brings the best of the digital world to wireless consumers. Over the past 10 weeks, Verizon has teamed up with partners like the NFL, iHeart Music Festival, and the MTV Video Music Awards to offer exclusive access to content and experiences, all from Verizon's innovative #WhyNotWednesday program.
"We want to give our customers access to exclusive and unexpected experiences, cool apps and new technology," said Melissa Garlick , senior vice president brand creative marketing, Verizon. "This week, they will have the unique opportunity to use the "McFly Mode" through the Lyft app, where they can request their own ride in an iconic DeLorean."
This once-in-a-lifetime opportunity coincides with "Back to the Future Day," or October 21, 2015 , the date Marty McFly gets a glimpse of his destiny in "Back to the Future 2."
The #WhyNotWednesday Lyft partnership is the perfect complement to Verizon's new "Better Matters" campaign, which brings to life the difference the network makes in people's lives. Lyft's vision, to connect people and communities quickly and reliably through better transportation, is best achieved when people are on the best network.
#WhyNotWednesday's previous offerings for customers include:
Pre-order and free download of Avicii's newest album, Stories . Tweet a burger emoji and receive a real one in return, free, through fooji (@gofooji). Tweet your song requests to Echosmith and see them performed in real time ahead of the iHeartRadio Music Festival. Get insider access to New York Fashion Week . Live-stream NFL games free through the NFL Mobile app. Go behind the scenes of the MTV VMAs via Periscope. Follow @Verizon on Twitter and look for the hashtag #WhyNotWednesday every Wednesday to see that week's exclusive digital experience.
Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE, Nasdaq: VZ) employs a diverse workforce of 177,900 and generated more than $127 billion in 2014 revenues. Verizon Wireless operates America's most reliable wireless network, with 110.8 million retail connections nationwide. Headquartered in New York , Verizon also provides communications and entertainment services over America's most advanced fiber-optic network, and delivers integrated business solutions to customers worldwide. For more information, visit www.verizon.com/news/ .
VERIZON'S ONLINE NEWS CENTER: Verizon news releases, executive speeches and biographies, media contacts and other information are available at Verizon's online News Center at www.verizon.com/news/ . News releases are also available through an RSS feed. To subscribe, visit www.verizon.com/about/rss-feeds/ .
 releases/verizon-to-transport-customers-back-to-the-future-with-lyft-partnership-300163262.html
 