Airwheel Intelligent personal transportation Self-balancing Scooters , 30 September 2015 -- The intelligent hearts inside the Airwheel intelligent scooters offer people the intelligent and comfortable riding experiences.As the products out of the intelligent technologies, which have penetrated into every aspects of people’s city life, Airwheel intelligent self-balancing scooters have been the travel vehicles for changing the city traffic. The intelligent and comfortable riding experiences of Airwheel scooters come from the built-in intelligent hearts—the operating systems controlling the vehicles. Though the hardware is important to intelligent devices, but the software inside these vehicles is also important because it’s like the brain of the devices. There is no doubt that Airwheel intelligent scooters all have top-quality vehicle units. For instance, all the motors of Airwheel scooters are noise-free maglev motor, which is powerful and efficient; and all the main frames of these vehicles are made of aviation magnesium alloy, which is scratch-proof, solid and durable. These powerful modules and units are already there. Then the question is how to control them. Airwheel has solved this problem. For intelligent and convenient riding experiences, Airwheel has developed the powerful and sophisticated system for its products. Commonly, the systems inside these vehicles offer riders the user-friendly control styles and comprehensive protection functions. For instance, on Airwheel X electric unicycles, riders only need to stand on the pedals of the vehicles and tilt slight towards the directions they want. Then these scooters will head out immediately; for protecting riders and the vehicles, Airwheel designed comprehensive protection functions including tilting protection, low battery protection, overcharge protection and speed limit protection, which have greatly reduced the dangers while riding an Airwheel intelligent scooter. For different models, Airwheel also designed and developed the different function modules. On X series and Q series stand-posture intelligent scooters, Airwheel designed the module of sensing the slight movements of the gravity centre of the body to make quick and accurate response to the commands of riders. On the S series two-wheeled intelligent scooters and A series sitting-posture scooters, the controls are realized through both tilting the control shaft and moving the gravity centre of the riders. So the operating system inside them needs to collect the movements of both the riders and the control shafts. The intelligent riding experiences come from the intelligent hearts—the operating system inside Airwheel intelligent scooters. About: Established in 2004, Airwheel Technology was initiated by a group of pioneers who took constant adventure to reshape the world with edged technology. With a global view, the U.S.-based enterprise started to build since its establishment R&D centers located in L.A., Beijing, and Changzhou, a marketing center in Beijing and a manufacturing center in Changzhou. As the leader in global portable intelligent transport industry, we have been dedicated to extend the fun and benefit of cutting-edge technology to everywhere in the world. Media contact: Company Name: Airwheel Technology Holding (USA) Co., Ltd Contact Person: Mr Tang Address: 5000 Katy Mills Cir. Unt 745, Katy, TX 77494, USA E-mail: