Home > Travel Destinations > Top 5 Things To See In New Jersey Top 5 Things To See In New Jersey By admin on October 12, 2015 Pin It 
New Jersey is a beautiful northeastern state, which lies at a distance of around 130 miles from the Atlantic coastline. Several counties of this state are considered a part of New York City. The Jersey City lying across Hudson River starting from Lower Manhattan is the site of the Liberty State Park. 
There are a number of things to see in New Jersey but in order to get the sights of these things you need to plan your visit to this city in the most effective manner. Try taking the services of a guide if going around New Jersey is a problem for you. Top Things To See In New Jersey
Here are some of the top thins to see in New Jersey, which you should now miss during your visit. Atlantic City 
Atlantic City located in the state of New Jersey is considered the Las Vegas of the East Coast. The main streets of this city serve as pedestrian plaza with department stores and casino lying close by. Caesar is a popular casino in the city which imitates Roman buildings. Cape May Photo Credits: K Christiansen 
Cape May, which is located on the southern tip Cape May Peninsula, is one the popular tourist attraction in New Jersey. This city is best known for building with Victorian architecture, beautiful beaches, rich history, and awesome places for bird watching. Adventure Aquarium Photo Credits: pfiss 
Adventure Aquarium is one of the popular things to see in New Jersey. This is located on the Camden Waterfront in Camden, New Jersey. This is one of the best places for entertainment with family, where you can explore aquatic and semi aquatic animals like sharks, stingrays, hippos, penguins, crocodiles, and many more species of fishes. Six Flags Great Adventure Photo Credits: diffusor 
If you are fond of amusement parks then this is the right place for you to be in New Jersey but provided you have the time. Six Flags Great Adventure features nine mountains including one which is highest in the world and also the fastest throughout North America. New Jersey Vietnam Veterans Memorial Photo Credits: VisitNewJersey.org 
New Jersey Vietnam Veterans Memorial is one of the best things to see in New Jersey. Here you get the scope of admiring the memorial of over 4000 men and women who lost their lives in the New Jersey War. This place is open round the clock and throughout the year.