 Paul Gauguin Cruises
$100 Shipboard Credit Plus Savings of 50% on 2015 and 2016 Sailings
BELLEVUE, Wash. , Sept. 30, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Paul Gauguin Cruises ( www.pgcruises.com ), operator of the highest-rated and longest continually sailing luxury cruise ship in the South Pacific, the m/s Paul Gauguin, and the 88-guest m/v Tere Moana , is joining Cruise Lines International Association's "Fall in Love With Cruising" campaign during National Plan a Cruise Month, October 1-31 , 2015.
Through this multi-dimensional campaign, the cruise industry is featuring exceptional savings, special offers, and chances to win dream vacations.
Those who book a 2015 or 2016 sailing aboard The Gauguin or The Moana during National Plan a Cruise Month will receive a $100 per-person Shipboard Credit. This Shipboard Credit can be used to indulge in a spa treatment in Deep Nature Spa, purchase a souvenir purchase in La Boutique, or book a shore excursion aboard. Paul Gauguin Cruises is also offering savings of 50% off standard all-inclusive cruise fares on all voyages of both ships, plus included airfare from Los Angeles on m/s Paul Gauguin itineraries.
To further celebrate National Plan a Cruise Month, the cruise industry is launching #CruiseSmile, a chance to win one of 31 cruise vacations from 23 different cruise lines awarded each day from October 1 through October 31, 2015 . Those who are interested in participating in the sweepstakes can enter by submitting a photo featuring a "cruise smile" at CruiseSmile.org , or posting their "cruise smile" on Twitter or Instagram using #CruiseSmile and #Sweepstakes.
To learn more about cruise line deals and promotions during National Plan a Cruise Month and locate a CLIA-certified cruise specialist, visit cruising.org/cruise-vacationer/plan-a-cruise/clia-agent-finder .
For additional information on Paul Gauguin Cruises, please contact a Travel Professional, call 800-848-6172, or visit www.pgcruises.com .
New bookings only. Offer may be combined with FREE 3rd guest in stateroom offer and applicable past guest savings and may not be combinable with other offers including Two-Week Sales. Port, security, and handling charges are additional. Maximum $200 Shipboard Credit per stateroom. Shipboard Credit may be used to purchase shore excursions aboard ship but not in advance of sailing. Shipboard Credit offer expires November 15, 2015 . Call for details. Visit CruiseSmile.org for sweepstakes details and regulations.
About Paul Gauguin Cruises
Owned by Pacific Beachcomber S.C., French Polynesia's leading luxury hotel and cruise operator, Paul Gauguin Cruises operates the 5+-star cruise ship, the 332-guest m/s Paul Gauguin , providing a deluxe cruise experience tailored to the unparalleled wonders of Tahiti, French Polynesia , and the South Pacific. The Gauguin's accolades include recognition as one of the "Top 20 Small Cruise Ships" in 2013 for the 15 th year in a row by readers of Condé Nast Traveler . The m/v Tere Moana offers voyages in the Caribbean , Latin America , and Europe , accommodating 88 guests with a staff of 62. In 2013, The Moana received "Best New Small Ship" and "Best Way to See the Greek Isles" in Cruisereport.com's Editor's Choice Awards. In addition, Paul Gauguin Cruises was voted by Travel + Leisure readers "#1 Small-Ship Cruise Line" and "#1 Small-Ship Cruise Line for Families" in the Travel + Leisure 2014 World's Best Awards. Recently, readers voted the line "#2 Small-Ship Ocean Cruise Line" in the Travel + Leisure 2015 World's Best Awards.
Media Contact:
Paul Gauguin Cruises
Vanessa Bloy , Director of Public Relations
(425) 440-6255
vbloy@pgcruises.com
From Travel + Leisure Magazine, August 2015 ©2015 Time Inc. Affluent Media . Used under license. Travel + Leisure and Time Inc. Affluent Media are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of Paul Gauguin Cruises .
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fall-in-love-with-cruising-with-paul-gauguin-cruises-during-national-plan-a-cruise-month-300151910.html
 