 Microsoft Corp.
The cloud based e-mobility charging platform will combine ABB's leading fast-charging technologies with Microsoft's state-of-the-art cloud services.
ZURICH and REDMOND, Wash. , Oct. 20, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- ABB and Microsoft Corp. on Tuesday announced the worldwide availability of a new electric vehicle (EV) fast-charging services platform. Combining ABB's leading EV charging stations with Microsoft's Azure cloud-based services will ensure stability, global scalability and advanced management features for ABB customers. The collaboration will also take advantage of machine learning and predictive analytic capabilities to drive future innovations.
"Platform performance and stability are critical differentiators for the successful operation of a modern, data-dependent EV charging station. By partnering with Microsoft, ABB will be able to offer best-in-class operations as well as innovative advanced services - what we call the Internet of Things, Services and People," said Pekka Tiitinen, president of ABB's Discrete Automation and Motion Division. "This partnership gives us the solutions, scalability and global agility to support expanding demand for EV charging infrastructure in the world's major automotive markets, which is a key focus of our Next Level growth strategy."
Many automotive brands are investing in the dynamic "full electric" vehicle market, with new model launches anticipated next year. According to a report by Hybrid Cars , the total number of electric vehicles sold globally has surpassed 1 million, with more than half of those purchased in the past 14 months.
The rapid increase in electric vehicles around the world goes hand-in-hand with a mature charging and energy infrastructure. There are currently just 106,000 publicly accessible EV charging stations globally, and global revenue from electric vehicle charging services is set to grow from $152.6 million in 2015 to $2.9 billion by 2023, according to Navigant Research.
"Today we live in a mobile-first, cloud-first world, and this is ever apparent in the global electric vehicle market," said Peggy Johnson , executive vice president of business development, Microsoft. "Our partnership with ABB aligns to one of our company ambitions to build the intelligent cloud platform, and we look forward to our technology and services becoming a differentiator for ABB's solutions."
Under the new collaboration, all ABB chargers will be connected to the Microsoft Azure cloud and surrounded by value-adding services, allowing operators and manufacturers and partners to take advantage of a world-class platform.
ABB and Microsoft will introduce their joint EV charging services platform at eCarTec, the world's largest trade fair for electric and hybrid mobility, Oct. 20–22 in Munich, Germany .
About ABB
ABB ( www.abb.com ) is a leader in power and automation technologies that enable utility and industry customers to improve performance while lowering environmental impact. The ABB Group of companies operates in around 100 countries and employs about 140,000 people. For more information on ABB's EV charging business please visit http://new.abb.com/ev-charging .
About Microsoft
Microsoft (Nasdaq "MSFT" @microsoft) is the leading platform and productivity company for the mobile-first, cloud-first world, and its mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20000822/MSFTLOGO
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/abb-and-microsoft-join-forces-to-launch-next-generation-electric-vehicle-charging-services-platform-300162565.html