 Ultimate Excursions
Ultimate Excursions gives back to the community by donating to one local civic organization deserving of recognition, the Bedford Fire Department.
AUSTIN, Texas , Sept. 25, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- In an effort to support local causes and area organizations and services, Ultimate Excursions, a Texas -based company, extends annual donations to the community. This year, the Bedford Fire Department topped the list of those most deserving. A brave group of men and women, who put the lives of others first every day, Ultimate Excursions is proud to be able to give back.
Their mission is "to serve the community with excellence, prevent harm, care for people, survive and be nice." Together with EMS and the local police department, the Bedford Fire Department works hard to ensure that residents of the city are safe and well cared for, no matter what the call. Made up of 57 career fire fighters, which cover 3 stations, in addition to a strong support staff, the department has grown from small and understaffed, to a large department, with fully advanced equipment suited for virtually every emergency situation.
What makes the Bedford Fire Department stand out from other organizations is not just what they do, but what they offer, in terms of community outreach. These community programs, including the "False Alarm Gang" and the Project Safe Place, are just a couple of the many programs offered to help keep residents safe and informed.
Ultimate Excursions is proud to be able to give back to this great group of men and women and would like to thank the entire department for all they do.
Ultimate Excursions is a leader in the resort marketing and development industry. With over 75 years of combined experience, Ultimate Excursions has proven to be effective. Some of the projects in its portfolio are the Acapulco Plaza in Acapulco, Piramide Del Rey, Club Lagoon Cancun and the Xanadu Freeport Grand Bahama. Ultimate Excursions can help with your project from concept to implementation. Specializing in sales and marketing, Ultimate Excursions and its professional staff can help with design, demographics and more.
This press release was issued through 24-7PressRelease.com. For further information, visit http://www.24-7pressrelease.com .
 releases/ultimate-excursions-makes-donation-to-local-fire-department-in-bedford-texas-300149029.html
 