In an anonymous interview with Hamptons publication The Daily Summer , the tween boasts about a lifetime of weekends spent escaping the Manhattan rat race and catching a break in the luxurious beachside town.
Seriously, this kid makes Suri Cruise look like Pollyanna. Here are the 10 most ridiculous Quote: s from the piece.
1. He loves expensive gadgets
“’What’s the latest must-have item in your circle of friends?,” the interviewer asks. “The Apple Watch!,” he replies. “There are also these model Ferrari toy cars that race up to 40mph [64km/h].”
2. He has a nanny, who sounds like she has a pretty tough gig.
“My mum has promised me that my nanny will be with me until I go to college. I’m not sure what happens to her then, but we don’t really talk about it. She started when I was 2. I had a few before her.
“When she picks me up, she has to bring my phone. Every day she has to charge my phone to 99 per cent; I don’t want to overcharge it. She stays with me when my mom is away. I’m a little bit demanding and picky. I’m specific about my food. If the cherry has something in it, like a seed, I don’t want it. I like everything in order. My nanny is also the only person who can touch my gadgets, because she cleans up my room. She also organises my colognes and combs.”
3. He gets a pretty sweet allowance.
“It’s $US350 ($AU467) a month, but if I run out, I’ve memorised my mom’s credit card number so I’m covered.” His ideal allowance? “About $US700 ($AU935) a month seems fair.”
4. His favourite restaurant is super fancy.
“I just tried Beautique , which I’d recommend. I had the filet mignon. Every morning we go to the Golden Pear for an iced coffee.”
5. He is a strange child-grown-up hybrid.
“I don’t really do kid activities. I’m interested in technology and computers. I enjoy going to polo with my dad. I consider myself a kidult.” Wondering what that is exactly? “A kid who acts like an adult.”
6. His only career goal is to be super rich.
“An entrepreneur who creates my own technology company and then sells it. My friends want to be pilots, astronauts, politicians, typical stuff.”
7. He’s got game when it comes to the ladies (or so he says).
“I’m a popular guy. I get prank called a lot. Most of my friends don’t date. I get followed a lot by girls. Like, literally — they follow me around and try to touch me.”
8. He travels in style.
“I’ve flown to the Hamptons on a private jet, which was pretty cool, though I’m not a big fan of small planes. I’ll stay with the Jitney for now.”
9. He has his own credit card.
“I have a Gold AmEx. Sometimes at stores they question me, like when I was buying chocolate recently, and they looked to my nanny to see if she was going to pay, but I gave them my credit card and they said, ‘Aren’t you a little young for this?’”
10. We’ve saved the best for last. The most fascinating person he’s ever met? Kim Kardashian’s best friend, Jonathan Cheban.
“It was really, really cool. He was eating at 75 Main, and his security was there; there was a group of seven teenage girls who wanted his picture. He looks really different in person. My idol, though, is Scott Disick. He’s really cool. He’s the whole package. He has cars. Lots of them.”
Read the full interview here .
Originally published as ‘My allowance is $467 a month’