Alternate vacation destinations under $100 per night from Hotels.com Published on : Saturday, September 26, 2015
According to the Hotels.com Hotel Price Index, hotel prices paid per night rose in the U.S. by 2% between January and June of this year, compared to the same period last year, but there is still value to be found in alternate vacation destinations around the country. Hotels.com has uncovered coastal destinations, ski towns, and metropolitan suburbs that proved the most affordable – less than $100 per night – in the first half of 2015.
Coastal Cities under $100
Brunswick, GA ($80) – On the Southeast corner of Georgia, this peaceful waterfront town is a beautiful place to get away. Visitors can capture the sunset at Great Dunes Beach Park, snag fresh seafood at Indigo Coastal Shanty or take a trip out to historical Saint Simons Island.
Coos Bay, OR ($97) – Coos Bay is the largest city on the Oregon Coast, and home to a host of fishing, swimming and other outdoor activities. Shore Acres State Park provides breathtaking views of the ocean where guests can catch a glimpse of a variety of marine animals.
Ski Towns under $100
Ogden, UT ($91) – About ten miles east of the Great Salt Lake lies Ogden with three award-winning ski resorts. The charming town is also chock-full of historical museums, art galleries and theatrical performances year-round.
Leadville, CO ($95) – Leadville is one of the best-kept secrets in the U.S. Surrounded with snow-capped peaks; the city is a ski bum’s playground. Once part of the silver mining boom, this city preserved in time is a great place to get a peek into the history of the Wild West.
Metropolitan Suburbs $100 or less
Mesa, AZ ($100) – Mesa is a great budget-friendly location just a short drive from Phoenix. With many of its own offerings such as the Red Rocks Music Festival, Salt River Tubing, the Commemorative Air Force Museum and a plethora of authentic Mexican cuisine.
Greenwood Village, CO ($96) – Just outside of Denver lies Greenwood Village, Colorado, a small town with panoramic views of The Front Range – a mountain range part of the Southern Rocky Mountains. Known for its biking trails, delicious cuisine, art, and music this metropolitan suburb is a great alternative vacation destination.