 LA Insider Tours
HOLLYWOOD, Calif. , Oct. 7, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- LA's premier tour company, LA Insider Tours, is offering the unique opportunity for anyone to star in their own reality show. The company today introduced another top-of-the-line tour – the Reality Show Tour, where a camera crew films clients while they see all the best sights of LA, filming their reactions and taking their interviews just like on their favorite reality shows.
It's an exclusive opportunity only offered by LA Insider Tours, and it gives an unprecedented behind-the-scenes view of a true reality show production. In addition clients will find that they are treated just like celebrities as they travel the streets of LA with camera crew in tow. "We were surprised and amused by how people on the streets gawked at our family while we were filming," said Steve Kasher , owner of LA Insider Tours, referring to a test run they did with a real family. "People really thought they were celebrities. The family loved it."
Clients may choose a 4-hour or an 8-hour option for their reality show tour. Every tour is completely customizable which means they get to make the day - and their show - their own. From the beaches to the Hollywood Sign to Downtown LA, all of LA is theirs to explore. The best part is, they will get a copy of their reality show, complete with opening credits, name graphics, music tracks and more after heading home. It's a real piece of Hollywood they can share with friends and relive over and over again.
In addition to the Reality Show Tour, LA Insider Tours offers a variety of tours to meet anyone's needs. Totally private and customizable, each tour is designed to maximize the LA experience and create a fun and memorable day for everyone. Other tours include the All LA in a Day Tour, The Hollywood Experience Tour and the family favorite, the Teens & 'Tweeners Tour.
To book a tour go to www.lainsidertours.com or call 800.549.6625
LA Insider Tours provides unforgettable private sightseeing tours of Hollywood , Los Angeles , Venice , Santa Monica and more. With professionally trained tour guides who live and work in LA, our clients truly get an inside look into the City of Angels. Every tour is private and fully customizable, so our clients can experience LA with friends and family their way. LA Insider Tours is the best tour in town.
For more information, please contact Lindsay Lefler at 310.880.4370
 releases/star-in-your-own-reality-show-with-la-insider-tours-300156073.html
 