 YCVB
YOKOHAMA, Japan , Oct. 14, Yokohama has launched efforts focusing on offering hospitality to visitors to vie for world conventions and attract more people from around the world, the Yokohama Convention and Visitors Bureau said Oct. 14 .
During the 12th Asian Congress of Nutrition held at PACIFICO Yokohama on May 14-18 with the theme of "Nutrition and Food for Longevity: For the Well-Being of All," citizens and suppliers in Yokohama provided meticulous services to some 3,800 convention delegates by offering numerous events on the sidelines of the conference to make sure they were satisfied with their stay at the Japanese port city.
Citizen volunteers were placed at the information desk of the conference venue to accommodate the participants' various needs such as information on restaurants, shopping and tourism.
"The ACN delegates were highly satisfied with services and hospitality provided by Yokohama City," said Teruo Miyazawa , chair of the organizing committee of the 12th ACN. "Especially, they were impressed with thoughtful services provided by those citizen volunteers at the information desk in the conference venue," he said.
Nissin Foods Holdings Co., a sponsor of the conference, offered free admission to Cupnoodles Museum, while Pacifico Yokohama and the Takashimaya Yokohama store conducted a tour of experiencing Japanese culture and tax free shopping.
The tour participants took advantage of a free shuttle service between PACIFICO Yokohama and the department store and experienced a "kimono" dressing workshop, "origami" paper folding, and the traditional Japanese tea ceremony. Discount coupons for restaurants and tourist facilities were distributed as well.
Also, a special pipe organ concert was performed at the Yokohama Minato Mirai Hall for free of charge.
Since these hospitality services were favorably received by the convention delegates, the YCVB, together with local suppliers for conventions, will continue to provide quality hospitality to further enhance convention delegates' satisfaction in Yokohama .
A total of 3,769 delegates (1,149 from abroad) from 51 countries and regions participated in the ACN2015, which was conducted under the auspice of the Federation of Asian Nutrition Societies (FANS) and supported by the city of Yokohama . The quadrennial conference was held for the first time in Japan since it was held in Osaka in 1987.
http://www.yokohamajapan.com/
http://www.welcome.city.yokohama.jp/eng/convention/
About the YCVB: Nonprofit organization, mainly funded by Yokohama City, established to promote tourism and conventions in Yokohama
Contact:
Hiroko Kano
YCVB
+81-45-221-2111
E-mail: convention@ycvb.or.jp
 releases/yokohama-extends-hospitality-to-convention-delegates-300159355.html
 