MSC Cruises rolls out Status Match for UK guests MSC Cruises rolls out Status Match for UK guests Details Created   12:00 Members of other travel loyalty programmes can ‘match’ benefits with cruise line MSC Cruises is to roll out its innovative Status Match programme in the UK, giving the nation’s cruise fans – and cruise virgins – even more reason to come on board. From October 26 guests with valid loyalty club memberships from other cruise lines, hotel groups and tour operators will be able to join the MSC Voyagers Club loyalty scheme and automatically MATCH their existing level of benefits. 
Membership of the MSC Voyagers Club guarantees a 5% discount on cruise prices, with tiered ‘Classic’, ‘Silver’, ‘Gold’ and ‘Black’ rewards levels offering a spectacular range of on-board privileges. MSC Voyagers Club also offers members access to a range of specially chosen ‘Voyagers Selection’ sailings with additional discounts of up to 15%. The Status Match programme has already been introduced in a number of markets, including the US, Italy, Germany and France. To take advantage of the offer, new members just print, complete and sign a registration form which should be scanned and sent by email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. along with proof of their existing loyalty club membership from another travel company. This can be a scan of a membership card or screenshot on their membership online. Clients will then receive an email confirming their successful registration with details of their new MSC Voyagers Club membership number. The tier level they are assigned (‘Classic’, ‘Silver’, ‘Gold’ or ‘Black’) will match as closely as possible with the level of benefits they are receiving from their existing scheme. Guests can then go on to book their preferred cruise itinerary direct with MSC Cruises or via their favourite travel agent. MSC Cruises executive director UK and Ireland Giles Hawke said: “The Status Match programme has already proved to be a great success in other countries so it is great news guests in the UK can now enjoy its benefits. “The scheme is a great way of encouraging those who have not tried MSC Cruises to join us and understand what our Mediterranean way of life is all about while retaining all the perks and privileges they are used to. “We are sure the initiative will help our trade partners by encouraging customers to try something new. Selling MSC Cruises is great for agents, who benefit from best-in-class commissions, including pre-purchased extras such as shore excursions and drinks packages.” The addition of the Status Match facility follows the launch of the revamped MSC Voyagers Club programme in July 2015. Related articles