 Ponterra Business Advisors
Specialty Travel Tech Investment Bank Closes Third Aviation Software Transaction Since 2014 by Bringing Together Plusgrade and TA Associates
WASHINGTON , Aug. 18, Ponterra Business Advisors (Ponterra), a specialty travel, retail, foodservice, and hospitality technology investment bank, announced today that it has successfully advised Plusgrade on the investment that it received from TA Associates. This represents Ponterra's third aviation software transaction since 2014.
Plusgrade, a technology company that offers a software-as-a-service (SaaS) platform that enables airlines to capture incremental, high-margin revenue and enhance traveler experiences, closed its recent transaction with TA Associates, a leading global growth private equity firm. Plusgrade's products serve more than 35 premier airlines globally and help airlines monetize premium inventory and services that would otherwise go unused.
"TA Associates' investment represents significant financial backing for a very forward-thinking, rapidly growing and successful entrepreneurial organization," said John Rovani , managing partner of Ponterra. "The trend in the travel industry is for companies to progress their ancillary revenue generating options by offering customers the option to pay for a la carte value-added and positive enhancements to their travel experience. With TA's support, Plusgrade will continue to focus on providing innovative products and exemplary service to its global base of customers."
"We appreciate Ponterra's assistance in identifying a strong and reputable private equity firm that understands the industry and shares our company's vision for success," said Ken Harris , Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Plusgrade. "Ponterra's industry expertise and global experience were critical to finding us the right partner who will help us more rapidly grow our solutions for the travel industry."
About Ponterra
With offices in the Washington, D.C. area and in San Juan, Puerto Rico , and representation in Berlin, Germany , Ponterra Business Advisors is an independent, strategic business and mergers and acquisitions advisory firm with a unique focus on the global travel, hospitality, retail and foodservice technology and services sectors. More than 70 percent of the Ponterra team's deals have involved at least one international M&A partner. The firm focus is business mentoring, strategic advice, exit planning and preparation, as well as mergers and acquisitions advisory solutions for middle-market entrepreneurs, business owners, family offices, and private equity groups and strategic companies. Ponterra Business Advisors' leadership has been engaged in specialty transactions in these industry sectors since 2002. Ponterra deal team members are registered representatives of and securities are offered through StillPoint Capital, LLC, member, Financial Industry Regulatory Agency and Securities Investor Protection Corporation. For more information on Ponterra, please visit www.ponterra.com .
About Plusgrade
Plusgrade is the market leading provider of upgrade solutions, a key segment of the fast-growing ancillary revenue and merchandising sector in the global airline industry. The Company's software solutions provide its global base of customers with meaningful incremental revenue and controls, allowing them to enhance and optimize revenue across classes of service. Plusgrade's proprietary SaaS platform has received accolades from industry-wide participants and many distinguished media publications. Founded in 2009, Plusgrade has offices in Montreal, Canada and New York . For more information, please visit www.plusgrade.com .
 releases/ponterra-team-brokers-strategic-financial-partnership-for-fast-growing-ancillary-revenue-and-merchandising-software-company-300130283.html
 