drp and GROSVENORFILM scoop combined a combined six awards at the EVCOM clarion awards drp and GROSVENORFILM scoop combined a combined six awards at the EVCOM clarion awards Details Category: Awards   14:45 drp and GROSVENORFILM won a combined six awards at the 12th annual EVCOM clarion awards at the Seven Dials club in London on the 30th September. drp and charity YSS Worcestershire took home three awards for the Young Carers Conference in the Midlands. GROSVENORFILM won another three awards with GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) for their film “Ebola – The Journey So Far”, with GSK being awarded the coveted Champion award for their humanitarian response and leadership during the Ebola crisis. 
drp hosted the 2nd annual Young Carers Conference in April 2015 for YSS held at the drp Midlands studios which gave the opportunity for young carer’s in Worcestershire to share their personal journey’s, partake in workshops and highlight the challenges facing these young carer’s. The conference won 2 gold awards in the Brand Communication/Experience (Live Events) and Educational training categories and a silver award in the Conference (Live Events) category. GROSVENORFILM received the silver award in the Brand Communication/Experience category, Silver in the Innovation Award (Film) category and highly commended in the Social Film category. The film ‘Ebola; The Journey So Far’ which followed the journey of the vaccine and GSK’s humanitarian response during the Ebola crisis. GSK received the prestigious Champion award which is presented to a person or organisation who has shown outstanding achievement in CSR, ethical and environmental communication. The EVCOM clarion awards originally launched at parliament in 2003 are now in their 12th year and are the leading awards for recognising best practice in communicating the importance of CSR, diversity, community development, ethical, health, education and welfare issues. Dale Parmenter drp group CEO commented “The EVCOM Clarion awards are an amazing outlet to show recognition for all the important CSR projects that highlight very real issues. The entire team have worked extremely hard to deliver the outstanding projects and it’s been fantastic working with YSS and the young carer’s for such a worthwhile cause.” Des Good, GROSVENORFILM Managing Director commented “It’s fantastic to receive such recognition and have the opportunity to contribute in some way to such a worthwhile project and prominent humanitarian issue.” Related articles