The great footy flights rip-off 13:57 PM TREVOR PADDENBURG QANTAS and Virgin have been accused of an AFL Grand Final rip-off by charging WA footy fans more to fly to Melbourne than to NZ — aboard the same flight. Concorde set for return to skies 13:09 PM STAFF WRITERS IT COULD fly twice as fast as your standard plane, yet was discontinued in 2003. However, the Concorde supersonic airliner might be coming back. Delays at all eight major airports 9:39 AM Angus Thompson TRAVELLERS have been warned to expect delays at all eight international airports starting today at the start of a marathon strike. Celebs lash Virgin after takeoff drama 5:00 AM Network Writers MODEL Bella Hadid and actress Bella Thorne were among 276 passengers left stranded after the wing of a Virgin plane got stuck in a fence before takeoff. The secret to traveling the world fulltime 11:12 AM STAFF WRITERS WOULD you ditch your job and give up your home to travel the world for good? This couple did, and seven years on, they’ve never looked back. ‘Haunted’ hotel just became even scarier 6:13 AM JENNIFER BILLOCK LIGHTS turning on and off, doors opening and closing, laughter, footsteps and unexplained chills. What’s going on at this hotel, which is said to be haunted by children? Why the kids run wild on holidays 22:00 PM Robyn Ironside National Travel Writer JUMPING on the bed, staying up late, eating junk food — it’s anything goes for kids on vacation. So why do parents toss out the rule book? Inside a secret Aussie cave 11:50 AM Leah McLennan IT’S a place that few of us know about but it’s right under our nose. And those who venture inside will come across some mysterious markings. AFL Finals 2015: Footy flights rip-off as airlines charge more for flight to Melbourne than Auckland — on same plane September 21, 2015 2:22pm Qantas and Virgin accused of an AFL Grand Final rip-off by charging WA footy fans more to fly to Melbourne than to New Zealand — aboard the same flight. TREVOR PADDENBURG PerthNow Email a friend 
QANTAS and Virgin have been accused of an AFL Grand Final rip-off by charging WA footy fans more to fly to Melbourne than to New Zealand — aboard the same flight. 
The Flying Kangaroo wants $1430 to travel from Perth to the Victorian capital on October 1 and 2. But the price from Perth to Auckland via Melbourne — on the same days, for the same type of seat, on the same QF772 flight for the Melbourne leg — is $1287. 
West Coast Eagles and Fremantle Dockers fans looking to travel to the premiership decider are outraged. 
They say it smashes claims by the airlines that price rises around the Grand Final are the result of supply and demand. 
The pricing means it’s $143 cheaper to sit on the same plane to Melbourne, then fly a further 2600km to Auckland. 
Enterprising fans with carry-on bags could get off in Melbourne and not board the Auckland flight and save $143. 
The rip-off is even greater for return flights to Perth the day after the AFL Grand Final. 
Direct flights from Melbourne to Perth start from $1430 on Qantas but if passengers left from Auckland, stopped in Melbourne and then boarded the same Melbourne-Perth flight home, the price is only $1239. 
Virgin is equally guilty of the pricing anomaly. 
Seats aboard Virgin flight VA676 from Perth to Melbourne on October 1 start from $1379. But catching the same VA676 flight to Melbourne and then fly on to Auckland on an international flight is $90 cheaper at $1289. Virgin and Qantas are accused of hiking prices for Perth-Melbourne flights. Source: News Limited 
It is the same on Virgin flights returning to Perth on October 4. Flights from Auckland via Melbourne to Perth start at $1166 but flights using the same aircraft from Melbourne to Perth are $1397. 
Fremantle Dockers cheer squad co-ordinator Robyn “RJ” Walsh said: “Fans deserve an explanation. I certainly think it’s strange. It’s odd.” 
West Coast cheer squad spokesman Daniel Williams, 34, said the high cost of flights had priced him out of flying to Melbourne, and instead he was driving over with four mates. 
“It seems like the airlines are trying to recoup the costs of putting on extra flights but the prices are ridiculous. A lot of people can’t afford it,” Mr Williams said. 
Some fans said they would lodge a complaint with the airline industry watchdog, the Airline Customer Advocate. 
Virgin Australia would not explain the pricing but a spokesman said “we will continue to monitor demand and review the possibility of adding further flights throughout the week to ensure as many fans as possible can fly to matches”. 
A Qantas spokeswoman said: “Like all airlines, our fares are determined by a customer’s origin and final destination ... and the different levels of demand on any day between those two points. The fares are reflective of those different levels of demand.”