As I and my colleagues sifted through a database of the East Bay Municipal Utilities District’s biggest water wasters Thursday, we found the name “Rohit Khanna” in there. 
It took only a few moments, however, to determine that the Ro Khanna who owns property in San Ramon isn’t the Ro Khanna who’s challenging Rep. Mike Honda , D-San Jose, for a second time in the 17th Congressional District . The candidate, 39, lives in Fremont and was born in Pennsylvania; voter-registration records show the Ro Khanna of San Ramon is 44 and was born in India. 
“Only in the Bay Area can there be two Rohit Khannas!” candidate Khanna quipped Friday. “I guess we’ve come a long way from when I was growing up outside Philadelphia in the 1980s, one of a few Asian-American kids in a public high school class of over 800. In those days, when I went up to bat folks would say, ‘Ro can’t hit.’ So, my name has always been a source of amusement.” 
“I am glad in this case I am working for a company focused on water conservation and efficiency,” he added, referring to the job he took earlier this year with Smart Utility Systems . “The tale of two Rohits!” 
  JohnW 
Since when do the facts matter? In today’s politics, this should be sufficient grounds for an all-out smear campaign. The new “watergate,” literally. Besides, how do we know he was actually born in Pennsylvania? Have we seen his birth certificate — the long version? How do we know that he wasn’t born in India and that his parents (assuming we know who the real parents are) didn’t create a fake Pennsylvania certificate when he was born so that he could one-day run for Congress and, from there, eventually become President? RRSenileColumnist 
Ha ha! John is on to something! How do we know there are 2 Ro Khas??? Maybe there’s just one, maybe there’s 3 or more. Are they all citizens of the US? I want The Donald to sort this out. NewDem2016 
I wonder if the candidate’s name were John Robinson or Robert Goldberg if this blog would’ve been written. Last I heard, Rohit and Khanna were both pretty common names. Just sayin’…. Elwood