 Vacation Myrtle Beach
Vacation Myrtle Beach resort group teams with American Cancer Society for this inaugural event
MYRTLE BEACH, S.C. , Oct. 16, 2015 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The Vacation Myrtle Beach resort group announced a partnership with the American Cancer Society to create the inaugural Making Strides Against Breast Cancer Beach Walk on Saturday, October 24. The beach walk is open to the public and participation is free, while donations to the American Cancer Society's Making Strides campaign will be accepted.
The event will take place at 9 a.m. with the beach walk set up as a 4K distance where participants will have the option at starting and ending at either the Crown Reef Resort at 2913 S. Ocean Blvd. or the Landmark Resort at 1501 S. Ocean Blvd. in Myrtle Beach. Participants will start at one resort, walk to the second resort and loop back to finish at their starting point. The fun will continue after the walk at each resort with a post walk celebration featuring refreshments served by PF Chang's and each resort, live DJ's, and other fun activities. Pre-registration is not required, and participants can park at either the Crown Reef Resort or the Landmark Resort by 9 a.m. on October 25 , and resort staff will direct them to the beach walk.
Vacation Myrtle Beach will be offering a special Making Strides rate for visitors staying over the weekend where $5 from every reservation will be donated to the American Cancer Society. Additionally, cancer survivors who complete the walk will get a free t-shirt and survivor pin, while all participants who donate $25 or more will also receive an event t-shirt.
About VacationMyrtleBeach.com Resorts
VacationMyrtleBeach.com is the official vacation site of Myrtle Beach, SC , offering the lowest rate on nearly 4,000 accommodations units. VacationMyrtleBeach.com resorts offer a range of amenities including pools, water parks, and restaurants. For more information, visit VacationMyrtleBeach.com or call 866-536-4076.
About the American Cancer Society
The American Cancer Society is a global grassroots force finding cures as the nation's largest private, not-for-profit investor in cancer research, ensuring people facing cancer have the help they need and continuing the fight for access to quality health care, lifesaving screenings and more. For more information, to get help, or to join the fight, call 800-227-2345 or visit cancer.org.
Matt Klugman
Marketing Director, Vacation Myrtle Beach
matt@vacationmyrtlebeach.com
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151015/277312
 releases/first-ever-making-strides-against-breast-cancer-beach-walk-set-for-october-24-300160910.html
 