New Zealand Family Violence Clearinghouse celebrates 10 year Friday, 23 October 2015, 9:15 am Press Release: NZ Family Violence Clearinghouse 
New Zealand Family Violence Clearinghouse celebrates 10 years 
Today the New Zealand Family Violence Clearinghouse (NZFVC) is celebrating 10 years of facilitating access to up-to-date information that contributes to eliminating family violence in Aotearoa New Zealand. 
The New Zealand Family Violence Clearinghouse (NZFVC) is the national centre for family and whānau violence research and information, based at the University of Auckland. 
The role of the Clearinghouse is to provide access to high quality information about family violence to people who work in the field. This includes ways to most effectively respond to people affected by violence. The Clearinghouse also promotes understanding of how to prevent violence. 
Clearinghouse Co-Director Associate Professor Janet Fanslow from the University of Auckland says, “We believe family violence is preventable, however this will require long-term commitment and sustained action across many sectors.” 
“ Given both the complexity and the urgency of the problem, there is a critical need to ensure that we respond based on the best available information and evidence. This can save time and resources from being spent on activities that are detrimental or ineffective.” 
“We are encouraged by a growth in use of the Clearinghouse services over the last four years,” she says. “It is a strong indicator that the sector is developing an appetite and an aptitude for using evidence to inform policy and practice. The sustained growth and positive feedback from our stakeholders demonstrates that the information we provide is regarded as trustworthy and relevant.” 
Ten years of the Clearinghouse is being celebrated at an event today featuring speakers from the University of Auckland, UniServices, Superu and former and current Clearinghouse staff. 
Speakers will discuss the role of the Clearinghouse in New Zealand’s efforts to prevent family and whānau violence, achievements of the Clearinghouse and future plans and directions. 
The Clearinghouse was launched in 2005 in association with Te Rito: New Zealand Family Violence Prevention Strategy . Te Rito was developed in 2002 as a plan of action to reduce and eliminate family violence in Aotearoa New Zealand. 
The Clearinghouse has been hosted by the University of Auckland since 2011. UniServices is contracted to provide the service by the Social Policy Evaluation and Research Unit (Superu). 
Further information on the Clearinghouse and presentations from the event will be available at nzfvc.org.nz . 
ENDS