US stocks edged lower at the end of trade as investors grappled with a mixed batch of earnings and economic reports.
At the closing bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 13 points, or 0.1 per cent, at 17,217. The S&P 500 also lost 0.1 per cent, while the Nasdaq Composite fell 0.5 per cent.
IBM shares slumped 5.9 per cent after the company reported lower quarterly revenue for the 14th straight quarter. IBM also lowered its earnings per share guidance for the fiscal year. The share price drop shaved over 15 points off the Dow.
Harley-Davidson was the biggest laggard of the S&P 500, with its shares down 14 per cent after it reported weaker-than-expected earnings and planned layoffs.
Investors also were parsing through economic data from the US and China.
The Chinese economy grew 6.9 per cent in the third quarter, according to data released on Monday, its slowest rate of expansion since 2009. While better than expected, the figure did little to allay investor concerns that the world's second-largest economy is slowing.
"Global growth concerns remain," Patrick Zweifel, chief economist at Pictet Asset Management, said.
In the US, housing starts in September rose 6.5 per cent in September from a month earlier.
But investors are still focussed on whether the US Federal Reserve will raise interest rates this year.
"It's the same drill. The markets are hostage to the Fed," Ted Weisberg, a trader at Seaport Securities, said.
Investors in Europe are looking forward to the European Central Bank's meeting Thursday. Expectations have grown that the ECB will expand its stimulus program, also known as quantitative easing, or QE, before the end of the year to combat sagging inflation.
"None of the central banks were able to stop QE when they initially thought, and they had to extend it," Christel Aranda-Hassel, an economist at Credit Suisse, said.
Ms Aranda-Hassel said she expects the ECB to announce an extension of its QE program until March 2017 or beyond in December. The ECB has previously said it would buy €60 billion of public-sector securities each month until at least September 2016.
The Stoxx 600 was down 0.3 per cent.
The euro was up 0.1 per cent against the dollar Tuesday at $US1.1342.
Asian stocks were mixed. Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index fell 0.4 per cent and Australia's S&P ASX200 declined 0.7 per cent, both dragged lower by falls in energy shares.
China's Shanghai Composite Index rose 1.1 per cent on hopes of further monetary stimulus from Beijing to boost slowing growth. Japan's Nikkei 225 was up 0.4 per cent.
In commodities, Brent crude ended up 0.2 per cent per cent at $US48.71 a barrel.
A technical meeting between members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and non-OPEC nations in Vienna on Wednesday could fuel worries that supply will continue to outpace demand.
In bond markets, the yield on 10-year US Treasurys rose around 0.04 percentage point to 2.184 per cent as prices fell, according to FactSet.
Gold gained 0.4 per cent $US1,177.50 a troy ounce.