Keith Ablow, a Fox News psychiatrist who once said Michelle Obama "needs to drop a few" pounds, wrote an op-ed for FoxNews.com that said Rolling Stone writer Matt Taibbi is "very weak inside."
Ablow published the op-ed Friday in response to a column by Taibbi that criticized media mogul Rupert Murdoch — his vast corporate empire includes Fox News — for creating "a political propaganda network whose next step down was the Third Reich."
"I have never evaluated Matt Taibbi and have never even met him," Ablow wrote . "But it doesn't take a psychiatrist to theorize why anyone would have such intense antipathy for men who believe deeply in individual autonomy and possibilities and would resort to grotesque jokes about them, who would revel in the death of one of them or engage in the kind of name-calling that would get a high school kid expelled."
Ablow continued, "I'd like to have coffee with Matt Taibbi. Not as a psychiatrist, but as a fellow man. I know he might spew vindictive words. I know he might throw coffee. But I have sat with much more violent men in search of the best parts of themselves — and helped to find them."
  Senate considers bill to lighten mandatory minimum sentences Legislation aims to curb overcrowding in prisons.
By Kelly Cohen • 10/19/15 5:22 PM Related Story: http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2574118/ In Rolling Stone last week, Taibbi had posited that Fox News was losing its influence among conservative voters due to the rise of Donald Trump, who has engaged in an on-again, off-again feud with the network and who has seen his candidacy thrive amid a series of controversial statements he has made.
"Murdoch could go lower to prove his devotion [to his audience], but that next step down is Trump," Taibbi wrote. "If he balks at that, he might lose his audience. Beautiful. Here's to hoping that any choice he makes will end in disaster. Nobody has ever deserved it more."
Top Story Bill Clinton to campaign in Iowa His   event where   Perry.
By Ariel Cohen • 10/19/15 2:28 PM