WASHINGTON — In one of the sharpest exchanges over the 2012 terrorist attack in Benghazi, Libya that took the life of four Americans, Rep. Jim Jordan accused former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton of lying about the attacks in order to help the Democrats win re-election. 

During the first panel of what will be a long day of testimony over the attacks, Jordan, a member of the Select Committee on Benghazi, held up Clinton’s emails as proof that she knew the attacks were terrorist attacks and not associated with a YouTube video criticizing Muslims. 

“You did it because Libya was supposed to be this big success story for the Obama White House and the Clinton State Department,” the Urbana Republican said. 

During the hours after the Sept. 11, 2012 attack, a State Department spokesman linked the attacks to a video that had caused uprisings at embassies in Egypt. In fact, Jordan argues, Clinton knew all along that there was no link. Susan Rice, a State Department official, appeared on five networks to link the attacks to the video. 

“The White House was worried about the politics,” he said, adding, “the false narrative was started by you, Madame Secretary.” 

Clinton, her chin resting on her hand, referred Jordan to her book, “Hard Choices,” which included a chapter on the Benghazi attacks. She said a statement that she sent out the night of the attacks said “some” had sought to link the attacks to the video, but her wording made it careful to leave room for other causes. 

“I think the insinuations that you are making do a real disservice to the hard work that the people in the State Department, the international community, the Defense Department, the White House did during the course of very confusing and difficult days,” she said. “There is no doubt in my mind that we did best we could with the information we had at the time.” 

She said “none of us” can speak to what motivated the terrorists that night. 

“I’m sorry that it doesn’t fit your narrative, Congressman,” she said. 

But Jordan said Clinton muddled the facts for political expediency. 

“A terrorist attack 56 days before the election — you could live with a protest about a video, that won’t hurt you, but a terrorist attack will,” he said, adding that the American people can’t take “when their government is not square with them.” 

jwehrman@dispatch.com 

@jessicawehrman