Gogglebox makes delightful return to our screens Seanna Cronin | 2nd Oct 2015 11:30 AM Seanna Cronin APN Entertainment Editor A US ex-pat, Seanna has been writing about the Australian entertainment industries for the past six years and is also a documentary producer, photographer and scuba diver. Anastasia and Faye star in Gogglebox. Channel 10 Cars For Sale 
THE TV show about people watching TV is back on our screens and gaining momentum. 
Gogglebox returned this week to dissect everything from The Bachelorette, Gruen and The X Factor to new Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. 
The show, which airs across Foxtel's LifeStyle Channel and Channel 10, is up 15 percent on the ratings of season one's debut. 
Gogglebox was the third most watched program last night for people aged 25 to 54 behind The Footy Show's grand final edition and The Bachelorette. 
"It's been four and a half months off air and there does seem to be an appetite for us to be back on, which is lovely," executive producer David MacDonald told APN. 
"After the initial reaction of everyone saying 'what is this terrible sounding show?' now they're saying 'Where are they (the Goggleboxers)? Bring them back'." 
The show itself has a strong social media following as do its 10 households of everyday Aussies, a mixture of families, couples and friends. #GoggleboxAU Tweets 
MacDonald said the show is no longer an unknown quantity for viewers initially puzzled by the concept. 
"When the series was launching at the beginning of the year, every interview was (about) trying to explain what the show was," he said. 
"It is people just watching TV but it's more than that. I was the same skeptic as everyone else when the show was pitched to me. I screwed up my face and went 'what?' Then I had a look at the UK version for five minutes and went 'OK'. It's quite a lovely show, very quaint and funny." 
Gogglebox airs Wednesdays at 8.30pm Qld, 9.30pm NSW on The LifeStyle Channel and Thursdays at 8.30pm on Channel 10. channel 10