Oracle US conference opens with ultimate cloud experience By Indo-Asian News Service on October 26, 2015 at 2:34 AM Comments 
Some of the software industry’s top leaders and other key stakeholders from 141 countries convened here on Sunday as global software major Oracle’s OpenWorld 2015 conference opened the door for an ultimate cloud experience. The five-day event will see some of the technology’s greatest minds brainstorm on the future of the enterprise, Oracle’s integrated cloud platform and the new era of secure computing. 
“More than 45 Oracle products and services will be unveiled throughout the conference during multiple sessions and events, providing networking opportunities for customers, partners and peers,” senior Oracle officials said. The conference, which runs October 25-29, is taking place at 18 locations throughout downtown San Francisco with the Moscone Center serving as its epicentre. 
Oracle OpenWorld is the industry’s pre-eminent business and technology show featuring over 2,500 sessions, 3,000 speakers, and more than 400 Oracle demonstrations as well as partner and customer exhibitions. ”Oracle OpenWorld 2015 attendees are in for a spectacular show of innovation, technology and entertainment designed to propel them to new levels of personal and professional success,” said Tania Weidick, Oracle’s vice president, event marketing. 
Among the top speakers are Larry Ellison, executive chairman and CTO, Oracle; Brian Krzanich, CEO, Intel; Mark Hurd, chief executive officer, Oracle; Abidali Z. Neemuchwala, group president, Wipro Limited; Vishal Sikka, chief executive officer, Infosys; and other top industry visionaries. 
Today, Oracle has more cloud application, platform and infrastructure services than any other cloud provider. Ellison is set to announce a broad set of new products and highlight why integrated cloud will deliver the most innovative and cost-effective benefits to customers.Oracle has transformed the information technology marketplace with innumerable innovation – be it in engineered systems or cloud portfolio. 
The event will showcase applications, database, server and storage systems, industries, management, cloud and infrastructure solutions — all engineered for innovation. Nearly 60,000 people from 145 countries attended OpenWorld conference last year. 
  26, 2015 2:43 AM Topics: