Sarah Snook and Benedict Samuel as Skeet and Anna. 
The Beautiful Lie: classic gets modern makeover Unfamiliar territory for comedians Gina Riley and Celia Pacquola ​ TV Guide and highlights Television is often talked about in mirthful terms. This is largely because much Australian drama is best viewed with an open mind, an open heart and an open bottle of wine.
Then every now and again (more agains in recent years, thank heavens), along comes a show that demands to be regarded with a serious eye. This occurs far less than you might think – most shows applauded as great are, to be honest, usually a wee bit shy of that.
Gina Riley (second from right) and Celia Pacquola (far right) in The Beautiful Lie. 
The shining exceptions included Heartbreak High and Wildside , which brought their worlds to viewers with overpowering truth. Blue Murder was simply compelling. Underbelly was too, just, though it lives, as most crime dramas since have, in Blue Murder 's shadow. Love My Way , Cloudstreet , Tangle , Wentworth ... OK , now we're on a roll. so there are quite a few.
Advertisement To that list we can now add The Beautiful Lie (Sundays, ABC1, 8.30pm), an ambitious and elegant reworking of Tolstoy's Anna Karenina into a contemporary Australian relationship drama.
As a concept it might sound a little like reworking The Iliad into Getaway , but the result is as astonishing as it is compelling: a gorgeous, velvety drama that will be re-watched and discussed for years to come.
You often can't get a proper sense of the most brilliant television dramas until they fall out of the sky (called, "Oh my god, duck, here comes episode two" syndrome). Heartbreak High might have been Neighbours were it not for elevated writing and an intangible spark that transformed it. Ditto Love My Way, which brilliantly shattered television dialogue-speak and gave its characters a more truthful way of expressing themselves. The Beautiful Lie excels because it reaches high and manages to take that giant step up.
The casting is thrilling – Sarah Snook and Benedict Samuel are brilliant, ditto Rodger Corser – and also a little adventurous. Slotting the usually comic Gina Riley into a serious role is a gamble that pays big dividends. Doctor Who made the same discovery with Catherine Tate. Why more drama producers don't do it is a mystery.
It also reveals something of the alchemy between producers John Edwards and Imogen Banks. The pair also collaborated on Offspring , Tangle and Puberty Blues , three dramas noted not just for their unique voice but for their near-unrivalled excellence. Like most spells, though, it is ruinous to try and explain the science behind it, so it's best to simply accept that the result is magic.
Anna Karenina is one of those great works of literature everyone has had a crack at. An old black-and-white film with Greta Garbo and Frederic March is rattling around somewhere. A BBC version from the 1970s starred Nicola Pagett and Eric Porter, who was frankly better as Soames in the original Forsyte Saga . Another with Helen McCrory and Kevin McKidd might have ended up in the history books had McKidd not ended up racing off some nurse in the dispensary cupboard on Grey's Anatomy .
The Beautiful Lie will never be regarded the definitive Anna Karenina because it is a personal, intimate, modernisation rather than a direct dramatisation of the original work. And yet it deserves to be. It is so crisp in the execution and so honest in its emotions - wildly passionate, reflective, regretful, intensely driven – that it is difficult to look away from.