Click to play video Return to video Video settings Please Log in to update your video settings
Video will begin in 5 seconds.
Don't play Play now More video Recommended Replay video Return to video Video settings Please Log in to update your video settings
Timelapse: becoming Liza Minnelli Watch Trevor Ashley as he transforms into the lead character for upcoming show 'Liza's back! (is broken)'.
PT0M32S http://www.canberratimes.com.au/action/externalEmbeddedPlayer?id=d-44ow9 620 349 October 17, 2015 Autoplay On Off Video feedback Video settings After more than 500 performances playing it straight, cabaret star Trevor Ashley is going back to what he does best – Liza Minnelli.
Ashley, currently appearing as the grotesque buffoon Monsieur Thenardier​ in the Australian production of Les Miserables , is working on his first solo show in almost three years and is training his kohl-rimmed sights on the Broadway star for the Melbourne-only run of  Liza's Back! (is broken) . 
It's a welcome return to form for Ashley who has carved out a long career as a drag and musical theatre performer, one who spent his youth in singing and acting training but got his professional start as a 20-year-old among the drag queen veterans at Sydney's Albury Hotel.
Star of Liza's Back! (Is Broken) Trevor Ashley transforms into Liza Minnelli. Photo: Joe Armao 
"I like creating a piece, I like being with it from the ground up and being able to get the whole picture in my head of what I like and what I want to see," he says on a brief day trip to Melbourne, hours before he's due on stage again in Sydney in French revolutionary garb. "I love performing in musicals but I find something like this a lot more challenging and rewarding as a performer."
Advertisement As Minnelli in  Liza's Back! (is broken) , Ashley imagines all the roles the starlet should have or could have sung, from the The Sound of Music to Wicked , and builds on his wild  Liza (On an E) show of a few years ago. Drag has been good to Ashley and led to breakout roles in stage productions of  Priscilla: Queen of the Desert and Hairspray  but it's arguably been his blackly comic turn in Les Mis that's won him the most critical acclaim (and a 2015 Helpmann nomination) as well as what's turned out to be a rare opportunity in his career: playing a man.
"There's very few people who have thought of me as an actor, as a male. And it's kind of funny because I go, well what do you think I'm doing when I'm being these people? It's just acting, it's just playing a character," he says.
The process of putting on Liza's "face" takes Ashley about 40 minutes. Photo: Joe Armao 
Yet it was Ashley in drag, or at least playing one of his female characters in the Annie -inspired cabaret Little Orphan trAshley , that originally caught the eye of Les Mis producer Sir Cameron Mackintosh, he says. Les Miserables tackles Brisbane next and it will be January before audiences will see him rasping through Minnelli's songbook again. Ashley hopes his time as Thenardier proves to audiences that he has an acting range that goes beyond fabulous wigs and make-up. But hang up his heels? Not likely.
"I'll never do that because that's ridiculous. But you do sometimes think well, maybe that's what I should do if I want to change people's idea of me. But, you know, I've just played a disgusting man for two years so hopefully people have seen that and seen that it's different."
Liza's Back! (is broken) is at the Fairfax Studio, Arts Centre Melbourne from January 21-31. 
Star of Liza's Back! (Is Broken) Trevor Ashley transforms into Liza Minnelli. Photo: Joe Armao 
artscentremelbourne.com.au/