With $7.2 million of its funding frozen by the state's ongoing budget stalemate, Choose Chicago, the city's official tourism arm, is laying off one-fourth of its workforce and closing two international offices.
The cutbacks, announced Friday, saw Choose Chicago eliminate 28 positions, including 15 full-time employees. If state funding isn't restored, there is likely more downsizing ahead, said President Don Welsh. Choose Chicago expects to save $2.5 million.
While tourism has been on the upswing, Chicago's Olympic bid chased away convention bookings for 2016 just as an abundance of new hotel rooms have come online, according Welsh.
"You've got this perfect storm that's brewing out there," Welsh said. "Under no circumstances should we be slowing down our sales and marketing activities this year and leading into 2016."
Chicago surpassed 50 million visitors for the first time last year, and Choose Chicago's data project the city to top 51 million in 2015. That may be tough to match in 2016, with 200,000 fewer convention room nights on the books, Welsh said. Meanwhile, there are more than 2,000 additional rooms to fill, with the opening of 10 new hotels in 2015.
The state provides about 40 percent of Choose Chicago's $30 million annual budget. The Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority contributes 30 percent, with the city and private donations making up the balance.
In June, Choose Chicago pulled the plug on the last two months of its "Chicago Epic" tourism advertising campaign after Gov. Bruce Rauner vetoed the bulk of the state's budget.
Choose Chicago representatives say the agency bought time by carving nearly $6 million out of its budget. Welsh called laying off employees a last resort.
While Chicago joined New York and Orlando as the only U.S. cities to top the 50 million-visitor mark, it is No. 10 nationally among international tourists with 1.3 million visitors last year.
Choose Chicago is closing its sales operations in Canada and Mexico. It continues operations at its four offices in China.
Choose Chicago was formed in 2012 through a merger of the city's convention bureau and tourism office. The organization has played a role in bringing some events to Chicago, including the NFL Draft, which is returning in 2016.
Welsh said Choose Chicago hopes to restore its budget next year, including state funding of $13 million, based on projected hotel tax revenue. It has a contingency budget of $18 million if state funding doesn't materialize, likely necessitating additional reductions.
"We would probably go back to what we were five, 10 years ago, and we would be very myopically focused on being a convention bureau," Welsh said. "And we would have to right-size the organization for that as well."
rchannick@tribpub.com
Twitter @RobertChannick
 Job Layoffs Unemployment and Layoffs Jobs and Workplace Travel Don Welsh Business