Model Cara Delevingne speaks during the Women in the World Summit at Cadogan Hall in London, Friday Oct. 9, 2015. (Photo: Tim Ireland, AP)
2 CONNECT 20 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENT EMAIL MORE Cara Delevingne has never shied away from talking about her personal life, and struggles, with the press and her fans, but the model-turned-actress is now opening up about her mental health.
Speaking with Rupert Everett for London's Women in the World Summit, Delevingne got very candid about her struggle with depression as a teenager. She explained:
"I really wanted to do well at school to please my parents, to please my family. I didn’t really care that much about school because I knew I was never going to be very good at it. I think I pushed myself so far, I got to the point where I had a bit of a mental breakdown."
Delevingne revealed that she had suicidal thoughts during this time as well:
"I got to the point where I was a bit mad. I was completely suicidal, didn’t want to live anymore. I thought that I was completely alone. I also realized how lucky I was and what a wonderful family, wonderful friends I had, but that didn’t matter. I wanted the world to swallow me up, and nothing seemed better to me than death.”
The actress explained that she had a lot of support and was able to turn to counseling. She also discovered a passion for writing, which she says "saved her life."
“It was like, I would write and I would read what I’d written, and it was like someone else is talking to me… it was like, ‘What? Is that how I feel?’ It was a very strange experience.”
She hopes that sharing her story will help other young girls who are dealing with depression:
“I have so many messages in terms of young girls and how mental illness in terms of depression is not something to be ashamed of. You’re not alone. You’re not an alien. My message has always been to accept yourself no matter what, to love yourself, to embrace your flaws. I think flaws are things that make us special. The cracks within us are the beautiful parts that need to have light shed on them.”
You can watch the full interview below:
2 CONNECT 20 TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENT EMAIL MORE Read //usat.ly/1LtN4Lu TOP VIDEOS