Caption 50 Compo Mill Cove, Westport Courtesy of Zillow.com Located in Westport's secluded Compo Mill Cove, this property offers five bedrooms, six bathrooms, 5,000 square feet of space and exquisite views of Long Island Sound. Billed as a "one-of-a-kind" home, it was designed by Don Kossar Interiors and features "resort-like" tranquility. The cost: $13 million. Check out Zillow.com for more photos and information.
Located in Westport's secluded Compo Mill Cove, this property offers five bedrooms, six bathrooms, 5,000 square feet of space and exquisite views of Long Island Sound. Billed as a "one-of-a-kind" home, it was designed by Don Kossar Interiors and features "resort-like" tranquility. The cost: $13 million. Check out Zillow.com for more photos and information.
(Courtesy of Zillow.com) 50 Compo Mill Cove, Westport Courtesy of Zillow.com Located in Westport's secluded Compo Mill Cove, this property offers five bedrooms, six bathrooms, 5,000 square feet of space and exquisite views of Long Island Sound. Billed as a "one-of-a-kind" home, it was designed by Don Kossar Interiors and features "resort-like" tranquility. The cost: $13 million. Check out Zillow.com for more photos and information.
Located in Westport's secluded Compo Mill Cove, this property offers five bedrooms, six bathrooms, 5,000 square feet of space and exquisite views of Long Island Sound. Billed as a "one-of-a-kind" home, it was designed by Don Kossar Interiors and features "resort-like" tranquility. The cost: $13 million. Check out Zillow.com for more photos and information.
(Courtesy of Zillow.com) See more galleries The properties included in this gallery have an asking price of more than a $1 million and each has interesting features. The homes are currently or were recently for sale in Connecticut.
This photo gallery is featured in these articles: Property Line Norwalk Lighthouse Sells At Auction Real Estate Moving Out: Former Barn On Neipsic Road In East Glastonbury Property Line 'The Grand' To Provide First Test Of Downtown's Appetite For New Apartments