 ARRIS Group, Inc.
SUWANEE, Ga. , Oct. 12, ARRIS Group Inc . (NASDAQ: ARRS) today announced that TDS Telecommunications Corp. (TDS) is currently deploying the ARRIS MOXI® Whole Home Solution in 11 key markets in the southwestern U.S. to give subscribers a personalized new multi-room experience for browsing and accessing their entertainment. TDS plans to launch the service in eight additional southwest markets before year-end.
The ARRIS Whole Home Solution includes a family of Media Gateway and Player devices with the award-winning MOXI User Interface. It enables service providers like TDS to deliver feature-rich video and telephony services, multi-room advanced DVR services, Wi-Fi, DOCSIS® 3.0 data rates, and other services. Subscribers can access an extended range of content and TV everywhere options, as well as rich personalized browsing experience, similar to surfing the Internet.
TDS is using the ARRIS MOXI Whole Home Solution to give subscribers a customized portal for accessing content throughout the home. The hosted solution offers automatic software updates, giving TDS flexibility with deployment and management. In addition, it supports turnkey options for TDS to broaden its range of range popular streaming services and content.
The ARRIS MOXI Whole Home Solution will be available to TDS subscribers in the following markets: Colorado ( Arvada , Estes Park , Fort Collins , Fort Carson , and Woodland Park ); New Mexico ( Alamogordo , Carlsbad , Eunice , Hobbs , Lovington , Ruidoso , and Truth or Consequences); Texas ( Alpine , Fort Stockton , and Seminole ); Utah ( Mesquite, Nevada ; and Cedar City and St George ).
"Our subscribers want high-quality entertainment when they want it and where they want it," said Shane West , Vice President of Marketing and Product Development at TDS. "ARRIS is our key partner in developing personalized, TV everywhere services that will delight our subscribers, differentiate our offerings, and provide more options for monetizing our services."
"ARRIS MOXI Whole Home Solution is a flexible and integrated solution that customers like TDS appreciate for its ability to quickly deploy a range of modern entertainment services," said Bob Noonan , Senior Vice President, North America Telco and Retail at ARRIS. "We're collaborating with TDS to deliver a premium entertainment experience, today, that can quickly and easily can expand to deliver tomorrow's content and services."
About TDS Telecommunications
TDS Telecommunications Corp. (TDS®), a wholly owned subsidiary of Telephone and Data Systems, Inc., is the seventh largest local exchange telephone company in the U.S and a growing force in the cable industry. TDS provides 1.2 million connections to high-speed Internet, phone, and TV entertainment services in more than 150 rural, suburban, and metropolitan communities. For residential customers, TDS deploys 1Gig Internet access, IPTV service, cable TV options, and traditional wireline services. The company offers businesses advanced solutions, including: VoIP (managedIP Hosted voice), high-speed Internet, fiber optics, data networking, and hosted-managed services. Visit www.tdstelecom.com or tdsbusiness.com.
TDS Telecommunications Corp., headquartered in Madison, Wis. , operates OneNeck IT Solutions LLC, TDS Baja Broadband LLC, and BendBroadband. Combined, the company employs more than 3,300 people.
Telephone and Data Systems, Inc., a Fortune 1000™ company, provides wireless; wireline and cable broadband, TV and voice; and hosted and managed services to approximately six million customers nationwide through its businesses U.S. Cellular, TDS Telecommunications, OneNeck® IT Solutions, and BendBroadband. Founded in 1969 and headquartered in Chicago , Telephone and Data Systems employs 10,600 people. Visit tdsinc.com.
About ARRIS
ARRIS Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARRS) is a world leader in entertainment and communications technology. Our innovations combine hardware, software, and services across the cloud, network, and home to power TV and Internet for millions of people around the globe. The people of ARRIS collaborate with the world's top service providers, content providers, and retailers to advance the state of our industry and pioneer tomorrow's connected world. Together, we are inventing the future. For more information, visit www.arris.com .
For the latest ARRIS news:
Check out our blog: ARRIS EVERYWHERE Follow us on Twitter: @ARRIS
ARRIS and the ARRIS Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of ARRIS Enterprises, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. © ARRIS Enterprises, Inc. 2015. All rights reserved.
 releases/tds-selects-arris-moxi-whole-home-solution-to-give-subscribers-personalized-multi-room-access-to-their-entertainment-300157718.html
 