Recent release “Defying the Odds” from Page Publishing author David V Day, P.E is a story filled with so many twists, larger-than-life characters, intrigue, and shady government officials; it feels like an espionage thriller instead of a true story.
(PRWEB) October 19, 2015
David V Day, P.E, a registered professional engineer, has completed his new book “Defying the Odds”: an intriguing and unbelievable account of an ongoing case exposing the lengths that the Texas Department of Insurance (TDI) Engineers, inspectors, and legal staff will go to punish any Engineer or contractor who disagrees with them; including punishing, silencing or terminating employees who are sympathetic to TDI’s targets.
When questioned about his reason for telling his story, Mr. Day says, “It is a remarkable story of defying the odds, something I have done all my life. From the circumstances of my birth, to the chance meeting of my wife, to taking on the largest state agency in Texas, and even miraculously surviving a vehicle rollover with my family; an event that inspired me to tell this story.” A story which led to the changing of state law affecting Engineers which passed unanimously in the Texas Legislation.
Published by New York City-based Page Publishing, David V Day, P.E’s gripping tale follows David as he takes on real life villains, exposing incompetence and corruption at the highest levels of the state government and courts. He does this with the help of two experienced attorneys and numerous engineers who have faced similar persecution from TDI. A must read for anyone who has ever struggled against corruption or had a bad experience with their insurance company, permit office or any unaccountable bureaucrat.
Readers who wish to experience this revealing work can purchase “Defying the Odds” at bookstores everywhere, or online at the Apple iTunes store, Amazon, Google Play or Barnes and Noble.
For additional information or media inquiries, contact Page Publishing at 866-315-2708.
About Page Publishing
Page Publishing is a traditional New York based full-service publishing house that handles all of the intricacies involved in publishing its authors’ books, including distribution in the world’s largest retail outlets and royalty generation. Page Publishing knows that authors need to be free to create - not bogged down with complicated business issues like eBook conversion, establishing wholesale accounts, insurance, shipping, taxes and the like. Its roster of authors can leave behind these tedious, complex and time consuming issues, and focus on their passion: writing and creating. Learn more at http://www.pagepublishing.com .
 //www.prweb.com/releases/2015/10/prweb13019829.htm
 