Alia Bhatt Goes Bold, Bares Cleavage On Cosmopolitan Cover: Pics Daisy says otherwise, that in fact it was Salman who asked her to do the film, like really? She said, "I had taken a back seat but Salman was the one who really pushed me for the film... He said I should do this because the film is completely different from Jai Ho."Well, if you say so Daisy! And for all you people out there, check out the vulgar scenes from this upcoming erotic thriller that will release on December 4th. Vulgar Scenes From Hate Story 3 Starring Zarine Khan And Daisy Shah 1/11 Zarine-Sharman 
Zarine Khan and Sharman Joshi's steamy lip lock scene in Hate Story 3, they are seen as a couple in the movie. Vulgar Scenes From Hate Story 3 Starring Zarine Khan And Daisy Shah 2/11 A Little Too Much 
No words to describe what is happening here but it is definitely shocking to see Sharman and Zarine film such an erotic scene. Vulgar Scenes From Hate Story 3 Starring Zarine Khan And Daisy Shah 3/11 Smooch 
A weird way of smooching someone but nonetheless, Zarine Khan is seen doing it with Sharman Joshi. Vulgar Scenes From Hate Story 3 Starring Zarine Khan And Daisy Shah 4/11 Zarine-Karan 
We have seen Karan Singh do such stuff in Alone movie with Bipasha Basu and now it is Zarine's turn. Vulgar Scenes From Hate Story 3 Starring Zarine Khan And Daisy Shah 5/11 Daisy-Karan 
Daisy Shah who debuted with Salman is also seen in bare minimum clothes kissing Karan Singh Grover. Vulgar Scenes From Hate Story 3 Starring Zarine Khan And Daisy Shah 6/11 Love Scene 
Daisy Shah and Karan Singh's super erotic love making scene in the movie Hate Story 3. Vulgar Scenes From Hate Story 3 Starring Zarine Khan And Daisy Shah 7/11 
Check out Zarine making love to Karan and dressed in just a lingerie. Vulgar Scenes From Hate Story 3 Starring Zarine Khan And Daisy Shah 8/11 Hot Dance 
Karan Singh and Daisy Shah dancing in a erotic way and making love to each other. Vulgar Scenes From Hate Story 3 Starring Zarine Khan And Daisy Shah 9/11 Vulgar Scene 
Zarine Khan and Karan Singh Grover's super erotic and vulgar scene from the movie, Hate Story 3. Vulgar Scenes From Hate Story 3 Starring Zarine Khan And Daisy Shah 10/11 Daisy Shah 
Actress Daisy Shah is seen donning a bikini for Hate Story 3, she has definitely come a long back from her Jai Ho days. You might like