Click to play video Return to video Video settings Please Log in to update your video settings
Video will begin in 5 seconds.
Don't play Play now More video Recommended Replay video Return to video Video settings Please Log in to update your video settings
X Factor judges lock horns James Blunt, Chris Isaak and Guy Sebastian express their disappointment in Dannii Minogue's song choice for her contestant, Georgia. X Factor airs Mondays and Tuesdays, 7:30pm on Channel Seven. 
PT2M4S http://www.canberratimes.com.au/action/externalEmbeddedPlayer?id=d-44fmm 620 349 October 13, 2015 - 2:14PM Autoplay On Off Video feedback Video settings The X-Factor judges are the true stars Chris Isaak: 'Sometimes X Factor kills me' Dannii Minogue has come under fire from her fellow X Factor  judges who personally attacked the singer for her "baffling" song choices and inability to take criticism.
In a heated exchange of words on Monday night, James Blunt accused Minogue of "biting his head off" any time he made a suggestion about how her final acts could improve.
X Factor judge James Blunt accused Dannii Minogue of being disingenuous and biting his head off whenever he criticised her. 
Minogue appeared visibly upset after Blunt, Guy Sebastian and Chris Isaak slammed her song choices during the competition, accusing it of letting down her artists.
Advertisement Blunt attacked Minogue character after 15-year-old Georgia failed to impress with her rendition of the Jackson 5's I'll be There .
"I think the song choice is a bit pedestrian. I know you don't take criticism well, but that's what we all think," the English singer said.
Guy Sebastian also said he was "baffled" by the song choices Minogue had made for her final acts. 
A defensive Minogue asked if the comment had been aimed at her, not her artist, when Blunt fired back.
"It is. You're the one choosing the song and last time I said this you bit my head off. It's just a thing. I think she's really good. Give her a chance."
Sebastian also criticised the songstress.
Minogue appeared visibly upset after the comments, saying she felt like she was being attacked "from every angle". 
"I have to say I'm baffled so far with your journey in the live shows, I don't understand the song choices," he said.
"So far to me it's either been too low or too screechy up here. It just saddens me."
An upset Minogue defended both herself and Georgia as Isaak tried to placate her.
"Now I'm baffled. It's coming from every angle," she said. "I am absolutely fine with criticism. I don't bite anyone's head off." 
The tension between Minogue and Blunt reached fever pitch later in the program when Minogue criticised the performance of Blunt's finalist Louise.
"Regardless of the reaction in the room, I personally didn't like it," Minogue told Louise.
Blunt retorted by accusing her of being disingenuous.
"If that's a genuine response from Dannii then that's a real surprise to me." 
Angered by the comment, Minogue defended herself against the accusations when Blunt told her: "You've had your moment let's move on".
"If it's genuine, which I'm unsure it was, you know that was awesome, good stuff," he told his artist.
X Factor airs Mondays and Tuesdays, 7.30pm on Channel Seven.