Lamar Odom, who won two NBA championships while a forward for the Los Angeles Lakers, has been hospitalized in Las Vegas, the Nye County Sheriff's Office announced. 
Odom, also known for having been married to reality star Khloe Kardashian, was found u... More 
Odom was found unconscious at a brothel in Crystal, where he spent four days before being rushed to the hospital Tuesday. 
He used cocaine on his first day at the brothel Saturday, employees told 911 dispatchers, according to authorities. 
On a 911 call played at a news conference, a woman said she also saw him take 10 herbal supplement tablets over three days. 
The brothel's employees told 911 operators that when they found him Tuesday, he was lying in bed on his side with a pinkish fluid coming from his mouth and nose. 
He was taken to a hospital in Las Vegas, about an hour's drive from Crystal. 
Odom wanted 'to get far away' 
The manager of the brothel said the former basketball player was there "to get far away from something." 
Odom asked to be picked up from a home in Las Vegas and dropped off at the brothel, TJ Moore told CNN affiliate KSNV-TV. 
Moore said she picked him up and took him there. 
"He didn't indicate what he wanted to get away from but was adamant he wanted no phone calls, don't acknowledge he was here, wanted rest and relaxation," she said. 
Khloe Kardashian making medical decisions 
After four years of marriage to Odom, reality television star Khloe Kardashian filed for divorce in 2013, citing irreconcilable differences. 
The two signed divorce papers this year, but the divorce has not been finalized, a source told CNN. 
As a result, Kardashian will make medical decisions for the former NBA star, the source said. 
'Please pray for Lamar' 
The Kardashians have rallied to Odom's support. Khloe Kardashian rushed to his side, together with her sister Kim Kardashian and the Kardashians' matriarch, Kris Jenner. They have been at the hospital by Odom's side since Tuesday night. 
"Please pray for Lamar #ourfighter," Jenner posted on Instagram. 
Sister Kourtney Kardashian posted a photo on Twitter of Odom hugging one of her children. 
"Believing in the power of prayer for this beautiful soul," she wrote. 
Khloe Kardashian's brother, Rob, also expressed concern. 
"Praying nonstop for my Brother!!" he posted on Instagram with a picture of the two of them. 
The Rev. Jesse Jackson, who visited Odom on Wednesday morning, said the former basketball star was on life support and was not conscious. 
"Khloe was there, and his friends. We joined hands and we had prayer," Jackson told CNN on Thursday. 
"He is in a real struggle, and I think the doctors are doing their task," Jackson said. "We fall down and we try to get back up again, and we hope mercy and grace will be extended to (Lamar) and he can get up again." 
Officials haven't said what was wrong with Odom, and his condition remains unclear. 
Odom's father and two children have been with him at the hospital, the source said. 
In addition to appearing on "Keeping Up With the Kardashians," Odom and Khloe Kardashian had their own reality show, "Khloe & Lamar." It lasted for two seasons and 20 episodes. 
While estranged from Odom, Kardashian has said she will always love him. 
"I will never, ever not love Lamar," she told E!, which airs their reality shows. "I was so obsessed with him in a healthy way. He was my husband, and I still wish he was." 
Four teams, 14 seasons 
Odom, 35, won two NBA championships as a forward for the Los Angeles Lakers. 
He played for four teams during his 14 seasons in the NBA and won the Sixth Man of the Year Award during the 2010-11 season. 
The Los Angeles Clippers drafted Odom in 1999, and he played for the team for four seasons before signing with the Miami Heat. 
After one season in Miami, he was traded to the Lakers, and became a key part of their championship teams in 2009 and 2010. 
A year later, he played briefly for the Dallas Mavericks before returning to the Clippers for one season. He has not played in the NBA since then, though the New York Knicks signed him during the offseason last year, only to cut him three months later. 
Outside of basketball, Odom has continued making headlines, including for a drunken driving charge two years ago. He pleaded no contest and received three years' probation.