SAN FRANCISCO , Oct. 20, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- For a second year in a row, Giorgio Armani has selected the work of San Francisco Bay Area photographer Debra Bloomfield for his Acqua#6 exhibit at Paris Photo , one of the world's premier annual photography exhibits. Acqua#6 by Giorgio Armani , who is a distinguished partner of Paris Photo, is dedicated to the theme of water in photography. Bloomfield is one of only two photographers to have her work selected twice for the exhibit.  The other is Bloomfield's colleague, close friend, and former husband, Richard Misrach .
For this year's showing, Mr. Armani chose her photograph titled Oceanscape Z , which depicts the seamless intersection of the ocean and sky and the vastness of each.  In 2014, he featured Wilderness #02082-8-07 , which was pictured on the cover of the exhibit's program and drawn from the Bloomfield monograph Wilderness   ( University of New Mexico Press, 2014).
Paris Photo takes place November 12-15, 2015 , in the Grand Palais, Paris . 
Previous Acqua by Giorgio Armani exhibits featured and celebrated the works of artists including Andre Kertesz , Hiroshi Sugimoto , Cindy Sherman , Robert Adams , Joel Meyerovitz , among many other world renowned photographers. 
Oceanscape Z is one of Bloomfield's personal favorites. Chronicle Books, San Francisco , originally published it in the 2008 monograph STILL , which was created over the span of seven years. The Robert Koch Gallery , which represents Bloomfield in San Francisco , submitted Oceanscape Z to the Acqua#6 exhibit.  
"At the conclusion of this project I began to understand the importance of our oceans," Bloomfield said. "We step into this body of water in a most intimate and vulnerable way and share it with strangers and people from around the world. The oceans do not have boundaries; they move at will between countries." 
Water has always been integral to Giorgio Armani's work, and since 2009 it has also been a personal civic priority for the designer, in association with Green Cross International. Over 530 million liters of clean water have been generated since the project first started in 2011, providing access to safe water in communities that need it most. 
Bloomfield's photographic works are represented in numerous museum collections, including the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art; the Victoria and Albert Museum, London ; the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston ; the George Eastman House; the New Mexico Museum of Art, Santa Fe; the Center for Creative Photography, Tucson ; the University of California, Berkeley Art Museum; the Phoenix Art Museum; and the Honolulu Museum of Art, among others. 
In addition to STILL and Wilderness , monographs on the subject of Bloomfield's work include Four Corners ( University of New Mexico Press, 2004). An educator since 1977, Bloomfield teaches at the San Francisco Art Institute .
 

SOURCE Debra Bloomfield 


RELATED LINKS
http://www.parisphoto.com