Natick 21, Norwood 17: Redhawks beat the clock After Norwood kicked a 31-yard field goal to take a three-point lead with 2:47 remaining in the fourth quarter, Natick strung together a 13-play, 70-yard scoring drive to escape with a 21-17 victory once sophomore running back Malik Williams plunged in for a one-yard touchdown run with nine seconds left in the game. Comment By Brad Joyal/Daily News Correspondent Wicked Local By Brad Joyal/Daily News Correspondent Posted Oct. 24, 2015 at 8:39 PM Updated at 8:39 PM By Brad Joyal/Daily News Correspondent Posted Oct. 24, 2015 at 8:39 PM NORWOOD — Like clockwork, the Natick football team practices its two-minute drill each week. Although the Redhawks offense works to execute the crucial component of the game, the unit never really knows when it will have to be utilized in a game situation. On Saturday afternoon, however, when Natick traveled to Norwood to take on the Mustangs in a Bay State Conference bout between Herget Division rivals, the practice paid off. After Norwood kicked a 31-yard field goal to take a three-point lead with 2:47 remaining in the fourth quarter, Natick strung together a 13-play, 70-yard scoring drive to escape with a 21-17 victory once sophomore running back Malik Williams plunged in for a one-yard touchdown run with nine seconds left in the game. “I trusted my offensive line, I knew that anything we did, we’d get in there behind those guys,” said Williams, who was stopped at the line of scrimmage before keeping his feet moving for the go-ahead score. “When I got stopped, I just heard my dad in my ear saying, ‘Keep going. Keep driving and moving your feet.’ I just kept going until I made it over the goal line.” Although Williams secured the win for Natick (3-4, 2-3 BSC), the Redhawks had to execute on more than the final play of the drive to outlast Norwood (3-4, 2-3 BSC). After sophomore quarterback Christian D’Antonio completed a 19-yard pass to senior Jared Abbruzzese on third-and-10, the Redhawks benefited from a Mustangs roughing the passer penalty which advanced the ball to Norwood’s 35 yard line with 2:02 remaining. Once more, the offense overcame adversity when D’Antonio completed a 16-yard pass to sophomore Peter Ryan on fourth-and-16. That completion gave Natick a first-and-10 from the Mustangs 21-yard line with 1:22 left. After four straight runs by Williams — who finished with 74 yards and two touchdowns on 20 carries — advanced the ball to the 2-yard line, Abbruzzese was stopped short at the 1 with 13 seconds to play. On the next play, though, Williams fought his way into the end zone for a 20-17 lead. “That final drive was huge,” Natick coach Mark Mortarelli said. “(Falling behind) was tough, but I was really proud of the way we responded on that final drive. A lot of guys made a lot of plays, it was a hard-fought win and we needed it.” After Williams and Abbruzzese each had first-half touchdown runs to give Natick a 14-0 lead at halftime, Norwood battled back to score 17 unanswered points. The Mustangs only needed 3:26 to travel 77 yards on seven plays on their opening possession of the half, as senior running back Joseph Mazzotta broke loose for a 28-yard touchdown run which cut the Redhawks lead to 14-7 with 8:26 left in the third. Page 2 of 2 - Norwood took over following a fumbled snap on Natick’s ensuing possession, and once again the Mustangs quickly moved the ball down the field with another scoring drive. The team’s senior quarterback Joe Leanos threw a 28-yard touchdown pass to a wide open Zac Pungitore, which, after a made extra-point by freshman Jay Wladkowski, tied the game 14-14 with 11:54 remaining in the final quarter. D’Antonio was intercepted by senior Adley Eugene on Natick’s ensuing drive, as Norwood used 6:24 before Wladkowski gave the Mustangs their first lead of the game with his 31-yard field goal. “The second half we played well and that’s something we can build off,” Norwood coach Jim Tighe said. “But that’s happened to us before this year, so we have to learn that we have to play a little bit better in the first half. If we put two halves together we could be tough to beat, but we haven’t been able to do that.” Although Saturday’s win should be enough to propel Natick into the playoffs, Mortarelli said he was unsure of who or when his team will play next. All that was important to the team’s players was securing a victory, and Abbruzzese was happy to see the practice paid off. “We practice two-minute drills all the time and we finally used it,” said the senior, who rushed for 36 yards and caught 65 more. “We actually had one at the beginning of the year that we almost finished, but this one was perfect. Everything went right, we executed every play.” By Brad Joyal/Daily News Correspondent Wicked Local By Brad Joyal/Daily News Correspondent Posted Oct. 24, 2015 at 8:39 PM