Updated: 3:57 p.m. Friday, Oct. 2, 2015 | Posted: 3:57 p.m. Friday, Oct. 2, 2015 Jim Furyk to miss Presidents Cup, replaced by JB Holmes Sponsored Links The Associated Press PONTE VEDRA BEACH, Fla. — 
Jim Furyk's season ended earlier than he wanted Friday when he removed himself from the Presidents Cup because of a wrist injury that hasn't fully healed. 
Furyk was replaced by J.B. Holmes on the American team. 
"I did everything I could to try to heal it as fast as possible," Furyk said in a voicemail message. "I tested the wrist pretty hard yesterday to see how it would respond and it's not 100 percent healed. I'm not able to play more than one day in a row and I'm feeling some pain because my wrist needed more time to heal." 
Furyk pulled out of the BMW Championship during the first round because of a deep bone bruise in his left wrist. He sat out the FedEx Cup finale at the Tour Championship last week to try to be ready for the Presidents Cup. 
The matches start Thursday in South Korea. 
U.S. captain Jay Haas picked Holmes to replace Furyk. Holmes finished 12th in the standings. 
Holmes, among the longest hitters in golf, went 2-0-1 in the Ryder Cup at Valhalla in 2008. This will be his first Presidents Cup. He lost in a playoff won by Jason Day at Torrey Pines, was runner-up at the World Golf Championship at Doral and won the Houston Open in a playoff. 
"My heart goes out to Jim because I know how much the Presidents Cup means to him," Holmes said. "Obviously, he has been a leader for our team for many years and he will be greatly missed. I am, however, very honored and excited to get the call from captain Haas to make the trip to South Korea to help the U.S. team retain the cup." 
Furyk typically doesn't play much in the fall, and he said that would give his wrist time to heal. 
"I'll revisit with the doctors to make sure it's 100 percent because I never gave it that opportunity trying to get ready for the Presidents Cup," Furyk said. Copyright The Associated Press Sign up for our WHIO-TV Daily Headlines Newsletter Sign Up