Posted : Wednesday, 21 October 2015 12:30AM Miller knocks off Billings for first district title since 2010 By Scott Vanscoy stories@ky3.com Miller, Mo. (For OzarksSportsZone.com) -- For the first time since 2010, the Miller Lady Cardinals claimed the Class 1 District 8 title by defeating the two-time defending champion Billings Lady Wildcats, 25-23, 25-19. In front of a raucous home crowd, the Cardinals overcame an early deficit to win the first set. Trailing 13-7 and with the momentum waning, head coach Tamra Landers called a time out. The Cardinals responded by scoring seven of the next nine points to put them down, 15-14. The game remained tight as the score was tied five times before Landers called her second time out with the score 22-22. Miller finished the game strong and won, 25-23. Miller’s defense took the best Billings had to offer and was able to control the Wildcats’ outside hitters. Led by sophomore libero Lynna Hadlock, Miller’s defense was stifling. CLICK HERE FOR PHOTOS OF THE GAME “Our libero is amazing,” said Landers. “I think she missed one early, then she made that slight adjustment to get squared up and nothing got past her. Everything was almost a perfect dig every time. It’s amazing because I have a freshman middle, sophomore libero, sophomore outside, and three seniors. We’re pretty young but they just wanted it, they really wanted it.”“I just got there,” said Hadlock. “I listened to my coach and I got to the deep corner where I needed to be. We haven’t won a district title in the last five years so it feels great to win. The seniors on this team are amazing, they keep us all up. I’m just so happy we won.” In the second set, Miller never trailed and steadily increased their lead to 18-13, but the Wildcats continued to fight back. Every loose ball seemed to go Miller’s way. With Miller leading 23-16, the Wildcats’ last surge gave them 19 points but they ran out of time. They were unable to stop the Cardinals. Miller senior Jessica Estes led the Cardinals in blocks and kills.“We’ve taken strides, we’ve learned how to hit, and we’ve learned how to pass,” said Estes. “We’ve learned how to work as a team, most importantly. To beat a team that has won two district titles back-to-back is so big for us. Our defense was amazing. They had a very good hitter but Lynna, one of the very best liberos in the conference, was able to dig everything for us. We rely more on defense than big hits because we play as a team.”“We played hard, but it seemed like they dug up almost every single ball that we hit at them,” said Billings coach Brittany Cheek. “We had a game plan coming in, I thought we executed it well, Miller just played with passion. After the game I told them to keep their heads up, not one single person lost the game for us. I thanked the seniors for their six years of service and that I was just proud of them. Miller is a very good team and congratulations to them.”“I knew these girls could do it,” said Landers. “It came down to heart and we had a lot of it. We’ve been having some really good, hard practices and these girls had made a goal to win the district. They’ve stuck together. Our motto this year is “sisterhood” and they played like sisters. I’m so proud of how they played together.” Billings 23 19