Facebook Email Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Cleveland Cavaliers: Back in plaid? It's bad news for fans who were hoping to see LeBron, Tristan and Kevin sporting plaid this season. Post to Facebook Cleveland Cavaliers: Back in plaid? It's bad news for fans who were hoping to see LeBron, Tristan and Kevin sporting plaid this season.  //on.wkyc.com/1RXelHi   Join the Conversation To   Cleveland Cavaliers: Back in plaid? WKYC Staff 8:36 p.m. EDT October 21, 2015 Uniforms CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN COMMENT EMAIL MORE 
CLEVELAND -- It's bad news for fans who were hoping to see LeBron, Tristan and Kevin sporting plaid this season. 
On Wednesday, Cleveland Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert tweeted a photo of three new uniforms: one plaid, one checkered and one rainbow. 
He wrote: 
1 of these 3 will debut tonight at @CavsWGUnited event as a new @Cavs uni. Here's a sneak peek. Which is your fav? 1 of these 3 will debut tonight at @CavsWGUnited event as a new @Cavs uni. Here's a sneak peek. Which is your fav? pic.twitter.com/wjthgMhSSv — Dan Gilbert (@cavsdan) October 21, 2015 
Mobile users click here to see the tweet. 
Shortly after, Gilbert reassured fans that none of the prints would be making it to Quicken Loans Arena. 
Although the photo was just a joke, he did say the Cavs would roll out this season's REAL uniforms Wednesday night. 
He tweeted: Everybody calm down. We hear you @cavs fans. OK fine. We will roll out the REAL uniforms tonight. And they strong... Everybody calm down. We hear you @cavs fans. OK fine. We will roll out the REAL uniforms tonight. And they strong...😉 — Dan Gilbert (@cavsdan) October 21, 2015 
Mobile users click here to see the tweet. 
Around 8:30 p.m., the team tweeted a photo of three new alternate uniforms for the 2015-2016 season. The new uniforms pay tribute to previous eras of Cavaliers basketball. 
Mobile users click here to see the tweet. 
New uniforms (Photo: Cleveland Cavaliers Twitter) — Cleveland Cavaliers (@cavs) October 22, 2015 <!--iframe--> Read or Share this story: http://on.wkyc.com/1RXelHi TOP VIDEOS