• Ravens' Trestman, Browns' McCown will be on opposite sides Sunday... Justin Gilbert’s progress has been kicked around for months. He said a chance to return kickoffs at San Diego “most definitely” energized him, “especially Tabes on the sideline getting me juiced up.” Special teams coordinator Chris Tabor could be a key voice in getting the 2014 No. 8 overall pick’s mind right. Tabor says Gilbert has entrenched himself as the kick returner as he awaits a bigger role at cornerback. “That makes me feel good,” Gilbert said. “I feel that I have worked hard for it.” Gilbert, one of the best athletes on the team, is being considered for a part-time role on offense. He played quarterback, running back and receiver in high school. “If it happens,” he said, “I wouldn’t back away. A chance to have the ball in my hands … I would love it.” Running score • The NFL’s top three rushers since the start of the 2014 season are DeMarco Murray (1,892 yards), Le’Veon Bell (1,552) and Baltimore’s Justin Forsett (1,540). • Baltimore’s Daryl Smith and Cleveland’s Karlos Dansby are two of the only three active NFL players with at least 25 sacks and 10 interceptions. The third is Julius Peppers. Smith leads the 2015 Ravens with 35 tackles. Dansby leads the Browns with 31 tackles. Who’s in, who’s out? Seventeen Browns were on the official injury report Friday. Safety Tashaun Gipson (ankle) and linebacker Craig Robertson (ankle) are out. Starters listed as questionable include cornerback Joe Haden (ribs/finger), wideout Brian Hartline (ribs/thigh), defensive end Desmond Bryant (shoulder) and linebacker Karlos Dansby (ankle). Scott Solomon, who suffered a high ankle sprain in the opener, might see his first action in a month. He started at outside linebacker against the Jets. “What Scott brings is something we’ve been missing … his energy, his intensity,” head coach Mike Pettine said. Nickel back K’Waun Williams is back from a concussion, listed as probable. Johnny Manziel keeps showing up on the injury report under the headings “right elbow” and “probable.” Smith is doubtful Wideout Steve Smith, who had two big games against the Browns in two Baltimore wins last year, is listed as doubtful for Sunday’s game. Defensive end Chris Canty (calf), tight end Crockett Gilmore (calf) and wideout Breshad Perriman (knee) all are out. Extra points • Joe Haden asking out of the San Diego game last Sunday morning became an issue. The Haden schedule will be bumped up a day for the Baltimore game. Page 2 of 2 - “I’m going to talk to Joe (Saturday) and see how he wants to handle it,” Pettine said Friday. • Safety Jordan Poyer, who will start in place of injured Tashaun Gipson, is rooting for Gilbert to break through. “Everybody on this team knows what a gifted athlete he is,” Poyer said. • Andy Lee leads the NFL in net punting at 47.4 yards per attempt (yards after return). The Browns’ expansion-era leader in that category for a full season is Dave Zastudil (39.4 in 2008). Reach Steve at 330-580-8347 or steve.doerschuk @cantonrep.com On Twitter: @sdoerschukREP