Posted Oct. 7, 2015 at 9:00 PM Updated at 9:55 PM Posted Oct. 7, 2015 at 9:00 PM Updated at 9:55 PM SCIOTA Wednesday’s match between between Southeastern and West Prairie only proved what Southeastern volleyball coach Tim Kerr already knew. “It just confirms what we already knew, and that’s how tough our sectional complex is going to be,” he said. “It’s one of those things that whoever plays well at the right time is going to advance.” In Wednesday’s regular season encounter, the visiting Lady Suns were pushed to the distance before chalking up a 25-19, 16-25, 25-17 non-conference win. Southeastern improved to 21-2 after suffering two straight losses. West Prairie dropped to 14-7. “It’s all about momentum with volleyball and good team likes (West Prairie),” said Kerr. “It really was a battle back and forth the whole night. “As is often the case, whoever has the momentum the last wins,” he added. “Fortunately we were able to grab that.” The deciding set was knotted at 14-14 before a Kolby McClelland kill put the visitors ahead to stay. West Prairie was as close as 16-15, but another kill by McClelland, who finished the night with 15 kills, started a six-point run that included five service points by Abbey Lantz. McClelland had two more kills during the decisive run as West Prairie could never recover as the Lady Suns completed the 62-minute contest. “In the end it was too many errors against a good team,” said West Prairie coach Teri Paul. “We made way too many errors (in game three) after 14. First we broke down in passing, then we made some hitting errors. And we didn’t stay up on block, giving up on block.” Game one was knotted at 14-14 before Southeastern pulled away, scoring 11 of the final 16 points. Game two saw West Prairie used a five-point service run by Julie Shoemaker that included an ace and kills by Hannah Thompson and Peyton Bowman. That would break an 11-11 tie and the Lady Suns got no closer than three points the rest of the way. Bowman finished with 12 kills, while Shoemaker and Thompson added five and four kills respectively for West Prairie. Emily Phillips finished with 13 digs and Cora Vyhnanek 24 set assists, while Sydney Broadhead tallied six service points. “We did some really good things,” said Paul. “We moved our feet to the ball. That’s something we’ve really worked on, instead of falling on the floor. I saw a lot of good examples of that.” “They kept trying,” she added of her team. “And we’ve had a lot of improvement in areas.” Madison Fox had 14 digs and Emma Derry 28 set assists for Southeastern. Page 2 of 2 - “Hopefully, we can just keep plugging away and keep getting better. It was a good win for us,” said Kerr. The fresh-soph match saw Southeastern record a 25-22, 23-25, 25-22 victory in 78 minutes. Reach Shelby Burget via email at sburget@McDonoughVoice.com, or follow him on Twitter @shelbyburget. By SHELBY BURGET