Houston Texans owner donates $10K to anti-LGBTQ campaign Contribution comes as the National Football League has made strides to accept gay players UPDATED 6:24 PM EDT Oct 16, 2015 Photos Bob Levey/Getty Images 
Houston Texans owner Bob McNair made a $10,000 donation this week to a local group that is advocating against LGBTQ rights. 
Hillary Clinton's campaign hit Republican rival Rand Paul on Wednesday for a comment he made earlier in the day about gay rights in the workplace. 
The libertarian-leaning Paul, who is skeptical of more government regulations on business conduct, said ... More 
The Campaign for Houston has been trying to take down the anti-discrimination proposition known as Houston's Equal Rights Ordinance (HERO), or Proposition 1. 
The ordinance would prohibit discrimination of any kind based on sex, race, ethnicity, gender, nationality, age, martial status, religion, disability, sexual orientation or gender identity. 
McNair has a net worth of $3.3. billion, and brought football's Texans to Houston after the Oilers left. His contribution to the Campaign comes as the National Football League has made strides to accept gay players. 
The league drafted its first openly gay player, Michael Sam, in February 2014. And players such as Andrew Luck and Chris Kluwe have been vocal about welcoming gay players to the league. 
Campaign for Houston spokesman Jared Woodfill confirmed Friday that McNair sent the check to the group, which says the ordinance is "an attack on the traditional family." 
"We're very excited," he said. "Obviously it speaks volumes to the support we have if a hero like McNair is contributing to our campaign." 
Proponents of HERO have said that Houston will lose the privilege of hosting the Super Bowl in 2017 if it doesn't pass. 
Woodfill said that argument was "bogus." 
The Campaign for Houston has also received support from former Houston Astros outfielder Lance Berkman. 
HERO was pushed by Mayor Annise Parker, who was elected as Houston's first openly gay mayor in 2009. 
The proposition will come to a vote on Nov. 3.