Pro Football | Giants 27, Cowboys 20 Dwayne Harris’s Kickoff Return Eases Worries of Giants Fans Supported by Photo Dallas quarterback Matt Cassel escaping a tackle attempt by Giants defensive end George Selvie. He threw the ball to Dallas wide receiver Devin Street for a 25-yard touchdown pass that tied the game. Credit Al Bello/Getty Images 
Advertisement   EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — Standing in the end zone awaiting the kickoff, the Giants’ Dwayne Harris sensed the tension enveloping MetLife Stadium on Sunday. He also understood the importance of the next several seconds. There were roughly seven minutes remaining in the game. Harris looked over at the euphoria on the sideline of the Dallas Cowboys , who had just tied a game the Giants had led for most of the second half. Harris, a free agent who signed with the Giants in March after four seasons in Dallas, knew most of the faces on the Cowboys’ bench. “You could feel it was a big moment in the game,” Harris said. “They had just come back on us. They probably felt like they had the momentum.” Inside the stadium, the home crowd, roaring and on its feet only minutes earlier, had fallen silent, with most fans slumped in their seats. They knew the Giants’ history of fourth-quarter collapses this season. But Harris was brought to the Giants to improve their return game, and as the Dallas kick spun toward him, he imagined a long dash through a cavalcade of Cowboys defenders. Harris caught the football at the goal line, burst straight up the middle, made one cut to his right and then sprinted untouched for the winning touchdown in the Giants’ 27-20 victory. Giants Close-Up Key Play 
Trailing by 3 early in the second half, the Giants needed a spark against the Cowboys, who had erased a Giants second-quarter lead with an offense that was dominating the line of scrimmage. Matt Cassel, making his first start of the year, unwisely tried a difficult throw across the field toward wide receiver Terrance Williams. It was not only a risky pass, Cassel was heaving the football toward the strongest part of the Giants’ balky pass defense. Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie, who was covering Williams, saw the ball hang in the air and grabbed it, then sprinted 58 yards down the sideline for his sixth career touchdown returning an interception. Rodgers-Cromartie also held the ball high over his head as he ran part of the way to the end zone. With a smile, Giants Coach Tom Coughlin later said of the interception: “I try to get him not to hold the ball up in the air.” Number of the Week: 0 
The number of Giants turnovers. If the Giants, who do not have a dominant defense, are going to remain a winning team, keeping the number of fumbles and interceptions to a minimum will be paramount. Next Up 
The Giants play in New Orleans. After a rocky start, the Saints have won three of their last four games, including two in a row. The Giants, whose special teams were most likely the weakest element of the past two losing seasons, had won a game on a kickoff return — the team’s first since 2012. And it came at a pivotal time. The Giants (4-3) did not want to take a two-game losing streak into November. The Giants’ next three games are at New Orleans, at Tampa Bay and at home against the New England Patriots. “I beat my old team, but mostly I gave my new team a lift when it really needed it,” Harris said. “You know, a return can really put a charge into the game.” None of the smiling faces in the Giants’ locker room were disagreeing. “Dallas had just scored, and before anyone had even digested that, there was Dwayne taking that kick right back, which was huge,” quarterback Eli Manning said. “You know, sometimes you have to win games in all kinds of ways.” 
Advertisement   The Giants won in all kinds of improbable ways on Sunday. The Giants’ defense has been among the league’s worst against the pass throughout the season. But against Dallas (2-4), the Giants stormed back from a halftime deficit by intercepting Cowboys quarterback Matt Cassel three times. Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie, the Giants cornerback who twice intercepted Cassel, said it was payback for the Giants’ season-opening defeat to the Cowboys, when poor decisions late in the game cost the Giants an almost certain victory. “We should have won that first game, so this was big to get a win from them this time,” Rodgers-Cromartie said. Rodgers-Cromartie’s first interception proved to be a turning point. With the Giants trailing by 3 points at the half, their defense had been mauled by the Dallas running game, which ended up gaining 233 yards. The Giants were much happier when Cassel, who was making his first start this year after the Cowboys benched Brandon Weeden, dropped back to pass, especially at 11 minutes 34 seconds of the third quarter, when Cassel attempted a risky throw to wide receiver Terrance Williams, who had run a deep square-out route. 
Advertisement