Posted Oct. 9, 2015 at 11:08 PM By Rob Duca Posted Oct. 9, 2015 at 11:08 PM » Social News HYANNIS – There haven’t been many nights – if any – during Barnstable’s long run of dominance in high school girls volleyball when the Red Raiders have faced a higher ranked opponent that had also beaten them in their previous meeting. But that was the case Friday night when Newton North came to town. The Tigers arrived with the No. 2 ranking in the state and as defending Div. 1 state champions, the latter designation thanks partly to last fall’s state semifinal triumph over Barnstable. And if that wasn’t enough motivation for head coach Tom Turco’s third-ranked team, the Red Raiders were still smarting from a tightly contested 3-2 loss to No. 1 Andover on Tuesday. But there were nothing but smiles Friday night after an impressive 3-0 sweep over the Tigers that improved Barnstable’s record to 10-1. “The girls reacted just the way I thought they would,” Turco said. “[Facing Newton North] certainly motivated them and they handled it the right way. “This was a really big win. Andover was a tough loss. The point differential was only three points, and when you get that, it’s an evenly matched contest. We just had to make plays. Tonight was a total team effort. Everybody made big plays.” The Red Raiders got off to a great start in the opening game, rattling off 11 straight points for a 16-6 lead en route to an easy 25-11 win. Michaela Cornwall was at the service line for 10 of the points, while freshman sensation Riley James and senior Madison Sollows were dominant at the net. James repeatedly blasted away for kills and Sollows consistently scored points off strategically placed tips. After falling behind 5-1 in the second game, the Red Raiders fought their way back to a 5-5 tie and took a 7-6 lead on a kill from Sollows. With the game still tight at 15-13, the Tigers began making errors in the face of Barnstable’s relentless net pressure, and the Red Raiders moved out to a 19-14 advantage. Danielle Derosier, Ashley McCarthy, Cornwall and James were all instrumental in the surge, providing some spectacular digs to keep points alive. Derosier finished with a team-high 15 digs, while McCarthy and Cornwall each had eight and James contributed seven. The Tigers pulled to within four points at 21-17 before the Red Raiders got hot again, eventually winning the game, 25-18. “The scores were pretty much in our favor in the first two games and that’s what we needed to do,” Turco said. “We needed to go out there, establish ourselves right away and take control of the match.” Completing the sweep proved difficult even after the Red Raiders ripped off the first five points of the third game. The Tigers showed their championship pedigree, refusing to go away quietly. They roared back to take a 14-12 edge before Barnstable regained momentum with five straight points. The Red Raiders led 23-18 before the Tigers rebounded once again, pulling to 23-21. But James, who finished with 12 kills, added two final blasts for a 25-22 win. “[James] is a little bit above her years,” Turco said with a wry smile. “She has a lot to learn but she’s playing really well.” Sollows also had a big night, leading the Red Raiders with 15 kills. “Madison was really smart at the net. She was picking up on the block and tipping the ball for points,” Turco said. It wasn’t exactly payback for last year’s state semifinal loss to the Tigers, but it was a victory that kept the Red Raiders solidly in the conversation as a serious title contender. “Things are starting to take shape,” Turco said. By Rob Duca