After his project won an award at the global Google Science Fair, junior Pranav Sivakumar of the Illinois Math and Science Academy in Aurora was recently recognized by the White House.
At the White House Astronomy Night Monday, President Barack Obama said Pranav, from Tower Lakes, was "a global finalist in the Google Science Fair not once, but twice. So you know he's going to do some important things."
Pranav won the Virgin Galactic Pioneer Award at the science fair last month, one of nine awards given in the online science and technology competition. He was one of 20 teens from across the world to be named a finalist.
As part of his project, called "An automated search for gravitationally lensed quasars in the Sloan Digital Sky Survey," Pranav designed algorithms to find and study objects called quasars, which scientists have theorized could be the cores of old galaxies.
"That is not what I was thinking about at his age," Obama said.
His project, which he initially began researching with his sister, allows researchers to examine the relationship between dark matter and dark energy. That could, eventually, help scientists determine the future of the universe, he said.
His award came with a tour of Virgin Galactic's new spaceship and the Mojave Air and Spaceport. And, he said, after some work by IMSA officials, a night at the White House.
Pranav and his dad flew to Washington, D.C., Monday morning. He briefly met the president, Bill Nye the Science Guy, hosts of the show "Mythbusters" and other science celebrities, before heading out to the White House lawn for a speech and to explore exhibits, he said.
Science-minded politicians, astronauts and the head of NASA were at the event. But, when asked which celebrity was the coolest to meet in person, Pranav couldn't decide.
He was able to talk about his project with researchers who were well versed in the topic, he said. He chatted with a professor about which colleges he should consider to study astrophysics, and he said he got a chance to explain his project to Bill Nye the Science Guy.
Pranav said the coolest part might have been being mentioned in Obama's speech. But when he had a chance to meet the president, he said they didn't really get to talk.
"He shook my hand and said, 'nice to meet you,' and even that's really, really special," Pranav said.
It was a quick trip for Pranav, who returned to Illinois Tuesday morning. He has a lot of school work to focus on, as usual, he said.
"I just really had a good time over there," he said. "And made a lot of connections, and really enjoyed myself."
sfreishtat@tribpub.com
Twitter: @srfreish