Lackey leads Cards past Cubs 4-0 St. Louis takes 1-0 lead in NLDS UPDATED 10:49 PM PDT Oct 09, 2015 Photos Michael B. Thomas/Getty Images 
In a historic game between longtime rivals, John Lackey outdueled former teammate Jon Lester in a classic pitcher's duel, firing 7 1/3 scoreless innings Friday night as the St. Louis Cardinals defeated the Chicago Cubs for a 1-0 lead in their best-of-five National League Division Series. Mariners part with manager McClendon 
Lackey, who had teamed with Lester for three wins as the Boston Red Sox vanquished St. Louis in the 2013 World Series, combined with two relievers for a two-hitter. He allowed both hits and a walk and had five strikeouts. 
Chicago didn't manage a hit until shortstop Addison Russell grounded a leadoff single to center in the sixth.Russell reached third with two outs, but center fielder Dexter Fowler's towering fly ball was gloved by right fielder Randal Grichuk at the wall, ending the Cubs' best scoring threat. 
After the first inning, Lester matched Lackey pitch for pitch until the Cardinals put it away with a one-out power display in the eighth. 
Pinch-hitter Tommy Pham belted a 431-foot homer in his first postseason at-bat. After a walk to third baseman Matt Carpenter that ended Lester's outing, right fielder Stephen Piscotty greeted reliever Pedro Strop with a two-run homer to the seats in left. 
Lester struck out nine in 7 1/3 innings, allowing three runs, five hits and a walk. 
The first-ever playoff game between the NL Central rivals attracted a crowd of 47,830, the second largest in Busch Stadium III history. 
St. Louis initiated the scoring in the bottom of the first as a playoff newbie and a veteran produced the run. Piscotty slapped a ground-rule double to right with one out and scored as left fielder Matt Holliday lined a single to center. 
The Cardinals had other chances to add to their lead but stranded three men at second in the first four innings. 
Lester fanned eight in the first five innings, including shortstop Jhonny Peralta and Grichuk twice apiece. Lackey sailed through the first five innings, facing the minimum number of hitters and allowed just one batter to reach base. 
Right fielder Kyle Schwarber walked with one out in the fourth, but third baseman Kris Bryant rapped into a 5-4-3 double play on the first pitch.