Poore holds on for 7th straight feature win Dossey battles VanAlst for Late Model victory LOGO ANDERSON SPEEDWAY Posted: Sunday, October 25, 2015 8:00 am Poore holds on for 7th straight feature win By Ken de la Bastide | The   
ANDERSON — Following a caution period near the halfway mark of the Street Stock feature, Josh Poore opened a sizable lead and then had to hold off Calvin Parham in racing at Anderson Speedway on Saturday. 
Poore, the 2015 Anderson Speedway track champion, chased early leader Jake Owens for the first six laps of the 75-lap feature on Thompson Builders night. 
He used a power move coming off the second corner to pass Owens going down the back straight with fast qualifier Parham moving into second in Turn 3. 
The two ran nose to tail until the first caution flag waved on lap 27 when Owens and Andrew Cook tangled in Turn 4. 
On the restart, Poore was able to pull away from Parham, who was battling with Brandon Mefford for the second spot. 
Poore recorded his seventh consecutive feature win by beating Parham to the checkered flag by 1.8-seconds. Mefford, Josh Sage and Buck Purtee rounded out the top five. 
“It was a lot of work tonight,” Poore said in the AutoFarm McCrocklin Ford winner’s circle. “The car was handling right; it was loose in the corners. 
“I was surprised I was able to pull away after the caution, but I think Brandon (Mefford) was racing Calvin (Parham) pretty hard for second,” he said. 
During the first half of the race, the best battle on the track was for third, involving Mefford, Owens, Cook and visiting Ohio driver Sage. 
Mefford finally was able to claim the spot on Lap 25 with an inside move coming off the third corner. 
Late Model feature 
Jack Dossey III showed a lot of patience for the first 40 laps of the McGunegill Engine Performance Late Model 75-lap feature as he pursued Danny Trent. 
With Dossey looking for a way around Trent, Greg VanAlst closed on the leaders with Jeff Marcum running a close fourth. 
Trent appeared to have a brief mechanical problem on Lap 44 coming off the fourth corner, which allowed both Dossey and VanAlst to slip past. 
For the final 31 laps, VanAlst kept the pressure on Dossey, but came up a half-second short with Marcum, Trent and Josh Timmerman rounding out the top five. 
“I race against great competitors,” Dossey said. “They both raced me clean. The car wasn’t quite where we wanted it tonight. 
“I had to work for the win tonight,” he said. It was his seventh feature win of the 2015 season. 
Follow Ken de la Bastide on Twitter @KendelaBastide, or call 640-4863.  