Whitefish Bay — When talk turned to a possible 15th straight North Shore Conference title for Homestead, Highlanders coach Dave Keel politely corrected the questioner.
"No, we've got a chance for one for these kids," he said. "Our sophomores haven't had a conference championship and many of our juniors haven't. Some of our seniors have, so it's their conference championship. It's not Homestead's or a number, it's the kids' that are playing in the program."
Indeed Homestead started this season light on experience at a number of key positions, but after two early-season losses to Arrowhead and Germantown, the Highlanders won their fourth-straight game Friday, defeating Whitefish Bay, the league's last undefeated team, 35-13.
The victory spoiled the Blue Dukes' homecoming and set up a Week 9 showdown with Cedarburg on Friday in which the winner will get at least a share of the league title.
This was a blue-collar effort by Homestead (6-2, 5-1 North Shore) fueled by some physical play up front that paved the way for rock-solid senior runner back Matt Winters, and defense that made some timely big plays in holding Bay (6-2, 5-1) to its second-lowest scoring total of the season.
"We brought a ton of energy tonight and that is what we were missing in our two (losses) before," Winters said. "We brought a ton of energy and that is what helped us win this game tonight."
The 5-foot-10, 195-pound back posted his third-straight 100-yard effort, carrying 20 times for 165 yards and three 1-yard touchdowns. The tone for the night, however, was set by the defense, which kept Bay out of the end zone three times inside the 10 on the game's first possession, eventually stuffing senior Van Bassindale for no gain on fourth and 2 from the 3.
Homestead added salt to that wound by moving 98 yards in 13 plays and capping the drive with Winters' first score of the night. The big play was a first-down fade route from junior Eric Moeller to senior Tyler Woldt on the first play. The pitch and catch got the team out of the shadow of its end zone.
The sequence turned the game.
"It's a big momentum-shifter for sure. (It could have been) 7-0 there," said Whitefish Bay's Jake Wolter, who has assumed the role of acting head coach while head coach Jim Tietjen is undergoing treatment for brain cancer. "I'll do that 100 times out of 100. We had the momentum going, a great drive going. They hadn't stopped us yet. I'll go for that again."
It was a frustrating night for Bay, which had success throwing the ball and outgained Homestead, 419-407, but hurt its chances with untimely penalties or turnovers.
The Blue Dukes almost pulled even on a 58-yard touchdown pass from senior Jake Fisher (19 for 28, 270 yards, two touchdowns) to senior receiver Bailey Wieland with 11:05 left in the first half. Wieland missed the extra point, though.
Homestead responded with a 12-play, 82-yard drive that ended with Winters' second score with 5:23 left in the half. Bay had a nice drive in response, but on fourth and 8 from the 38, Highlanders senior Jack Popp ripped a would-be reception for a first down off the fingertips of the Bay receiver and after a short return gave his team a first down on its own 23 with 2:16 left in the half.
And early in the fourth quarter with Bay down by 15 points, the Blue Dukes fumbled at the Homestead 20 to kill another drive.
"It came down to they made more big plays than us," Wolter said. "We couldn't stop them. They kept making big play after big play."
It turned out to be too many mistakes to keep up with a Homestead attack that scored on four of seven possessions with two of those nonscoring drives coming at the end of the first half and at the end of the game.
In addition to Winters, Homestead got 5 for 5 passing and 101 yards from Zoeller, who also ran 14 times for 101 yards. Zoeller accounted for two fourth-quarter touchdowns, hitting senior Matt Gresham for an 18-yard score with 11:55 left and scoring on a 28-yard run with 4:20 left in the game.
The plays capped a must-win for Homestead, which would have been eliminated from the title chase with a loss. Instead the Highlanders have a chance to add to what is arguably the area's most impressive streak.
"They've gotten better every day in practice and every ball game," Keel said of his team. "It's been a pleasure to watch them improve their skills. We've got such great senior leadership. They're taking care of making sure the kids are focused, making sure they're ready to go."
 