Hockey Capitals rebound from miserable performance with victory over Blackhawks Washington Capitals left wing Alex Ovechkin (8), from Russia, attempts to hit the puck in the air with Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Niklas Hjalmarsson (4), from Sweden, behind, in the third period of an NHL hockey game, Thursday, Oct. 15, 2015, ... more > By David Ginsburg - Associated Press   
The Washington Capitals bounced back from a miserable performance with a gem of an effort against the Chicago Blackhawks, who are having difficulty scoring as they begin defense of their Stanley Cup title. 
Braden Holtby stopped 26 shots, Alex Ovechkin contributed a goal in his return and the Capitals cruised to a 4-1 victory on Thursday night. 
John Carlson , T.J. Oshie and Matt Niskanen also scored for the Capitals , who welcomed back Ovechkin following a one-game disciplinary absence. 
Ovechkin was benched Tuesday night against San Jose after missing practice that morning. He said he overslept after accidentally setting his alarm for 8:30 p.m. instead of 8:30 a.m. 
Without him, the Capitals lost to the Sharks, 5-0. They stewed about it for a day, then came out energized against Chicago from the first drop of the puck. 
“We were ready to play, we were ready to skate, we were on the same page,” Holtby said. “I think the other night was a pretty good wakeup call for us.” 
Chicago , on the other hand, improved only marginally from their previous outing — a listless 3-0 loss to the Philadelphia Flyers one night earlier. 
In this one, the Blackhawks trailed 3-0 before Viktor Svedberg got his first goal of the season at 3:13 of the third period. That ended a scoreless drought of 107 minutes, 46 seconds. 
Blackhawks coach Joel Quenneville took consolation in his team’s 17-shot second period. Midway through the stanza, Andrew Desjardins missed an open net from the left side at the end of a two-on-one with Andrew Shaw. 
For Chicago — which has only 10 goals in five games — coming close counts for something. 
“Certainly, the second period we were fine,” Quenneville said. “We had some great chances at an empty net and missed. Not sharp around the net.” 
It isn’t time to panic, but the Blackhawks can’t pretend this scoring drought doesn’t matter. 
“I mean, we’re not happy with how we played the last few games,” center Marcus Kruger said. “All of us have got to get better and take responsibility.” 
Although the Blackhawks finally broke through with a goal in the third period, they took only five shots over the final 20 minutes. After Svedberg scored, the Capitals took over. 
“That was the first time this year that we recognized the key moment,” Washington coach Barry Trotz said. “That was a moment we needed to respond. We killed their enthusiasm a little bit.”