Leeds (United Kingdom) (AFP) - Sean Maitland scored the 100th try of the Rugby World Cup to help Scotland make it two wins from two in a 39-16 victory over United States in Leeds on Sunday.
Maitland, who hails from New Zealand, was one of three foreign-born players to score tries for the victors, Dutch wing Tim Visser and South African prop WP Nel being the others.
Centre Matt Scott and Duncan Weir also got tries as Scotland grabbed their second successive bonus point win to move on to 10 points. They are three clear of South Africa who they play in Newcastle next Saturday.
All the tries came in the second-half after the Americans had led at half-time.
AJ MacGinty gave the Americans a good start with a penalty in the third minute but an infringement by Titi Lamositele allowed fullback Stuart Hogg to level in the seventh minute.
Scottish fly-half Finn Russell -- impressive in the win over Japan where he marked his 23rd birthday with a try -- put the Scots into a 6-3 lead on 10 minutes with a penalty.
View gallery Scotland's wing Sean Maitland scored the 100th try of the 2015 Rugby World Cup (AFP Photo/Damien … Hogg missed with another penalty attempt and within minutes the Americans had stormed down the pitch. From a well worked passing move from a lineout Lamositele burrowed over -- MacGinty adding the conversion for 10-6.
Scotland blew a chance to score a try of their own as Hogg ruined a blistering solo run. He sent a poor pass to the wide open Visser, prompting coach Vern Cotter to turn away from the pitch in frustration.
Scotland were slightly off their game as Russell went wide with another penalty attempt and a succession of earth-shattering tackles by the Americans -- one by Seamus Kelly and another by Takudzwa Ngwenya -- had the Scots rattled further. 
The Americans ended the half firmly in control as an impressive 15 phase move provoked the Scots into an infringement. MacGinty slotted the penalty over for a 13-6 lead at the break.
- Half time rocket -
View gallery Scotland's number 8 Josh Strauss (L) vies with US back row John Quill (R) after a scrum during a … Cotter must have given a dressing down at the break for the Scots immediately hit back. Hogg's pass this time to Visser was inch perfect and the wing ran it in for a try -- the 99th in the tournament.
Russell missed the conversion to leave the USA still 13-11 to the good.
The century of tries came when a well-worked move by the Scots ended with Russell feeding Maitland who thundered over -- Russell adding the extras for 18-13.
MacGinty took the States to within two points with a penalty. But only a stunning tackle by Shalom Suniula on Tim Swinson yards from the line prevented a third Scottish try. 
However, there was no stopping the Scots' surge and Nel was next to get a pat on the head from his team-mates for their third try meaning the USA have now conceded 6,000 points in test match rugby since 1912.
Greig Laidlaw, who replaced scrum-half and captain for the day Henry Pyrgos, converted for 25-16.
There were nervous faces though in the Scottish coaching gantry when Russell was removed from the action with what seemed to be a foot injury.
It did not stop the Scottish juggernaut, however, and Scott went over, to ensure the bonus point, with Greig Laidlaw adding the conversion for 32-16.
Laidlaw made no mistake with his final conversion of the day either after Duncan Weir celebrated his first World Cup appearance with a try at the death.
Sports & Recreation Rugby Sean Maitland Tim Visser Scotland