Return to video Video settings Please Log in to update your video settings
Video will begin in 5 seconds.
Don't play Play now More video Recommended Perth Fashion Festival opening night
A tour without being there
Giraffe on tour
Nat Fyfe update
Keogh: People know who I am
Replay video Return to video Video settings Please Log in to update your video settings
Anthony Albanese on campaign trail Canning candidate Matt Keogh stands alongside Anthony Albanese as he speaks on Monday's leadership change, Foreign Minister Julie Bishop believes the change will unite the party room
PT1M9S 620 349 Autoplay On Off Video feedback Video settings Albanese hits Canning campaign trail Canning poll wide open after Turnbull takes over Labor candidate Matt Keogh has wasted no time getting stuck into new Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, saying he has abandoned the people of Canning by calling a leadership spill days before the weekend byelection.
Mr Turnbull became Australia's 29th Prime Minister on Monday night after a dramatic ballot saw him elected on a majority of 54 votes to Tony Abbott's 44.
Matt Keogh, pictured here campaigning with Anthony Albanese, says Malcolm Turnbull has shown his disregard for the Canning electorate. Photo: James Mooney
Rumours has been flying around the corridors of Canberra for months, Mr Abbott leadership would be challenged if the Liberal party had a poor showing at the September 19 by-election, but Mr Turnbull didn't wait, pulling the trigger five days earlier.
Advertisement Mr Keogh said the new PM was clearly not interested in the Canning byelection.
"What we have really seen is the instability and dysfunction of the government," he said.
"What we have seen is this is all about Malcolm Turnbull… the government has abandoned the people of Canning. The actions taken by Malcolm Turnbull are not about Australia and they are not about the people of Canning.
"He made some comments last night he saw his actions more important than a byelection here, so I think that highlights how he really sees himself as more important than the issues on the ground for the people of Canning."
"He made the move because he is concerned about Malcolm Turnbull and that is really the wrong priority."
The 33-year-old wouldn't be drawn into speculation by political experts that the instability within the Liberal party would damage Liberal candidate Andrew Hastie's chances this Saturday.
The Liberal party holds the seat with a 11.8 margin and polling prior to the election had Labor getting a eight to 10 per cent swing.
Notre Dame university political expert Martin Drum told Fairfax Media on Monday night the by-election was now wide open, but Mr Keogh continued to play a straight bat, when asked about his chances.
The former WA Law Society President did say the recent spill would be in the back of mind of Liberal voters when they go to the ballot this Saturday.
"I think it's something the people will have in their minds - I think it's quite clear people don't like unstable government," Mr Keogh said.
" We've seen that and that is something that is going to be in the back of their minds on Saturday. They will be thinking what is going on in this government, they can't be trusted.
"We are going to continue to do what we have been doing throughout the campaign, talking to voters and making sure we are addressing their concerns.
"What I am really concerned about is what the people are concerned about in this byelection - we have four days to go in this byelection and I will continue to be out there talking to the voters about what concerns them."
Mr Keogh scoffed at suggestions by Mr Hastie that religion should be off the table during the campaign .
Mr Hastie's father is a Presbyterian priest understood to have strong leanings towards creationism.
"I think the morals and values of a candidate - the religious views of the candidates are actually very important for people to understand," he said.
"From my point of view, while my religion is something that has a bearing on my values it doesn't dictate what I will do, but it's important for people to understand that. It makes up the person that is the candidate. standing before them.
"I think people want to know what the candidate stands for and makes them tick."
As for his chances this Saturday?
"Clearly we are going to win," he smiled.
Follow WAtoday on Twitter