0 COMMENTS It’s a quiet week in the city before the social season gets rocking and rolling, but as the cartoonist Marisa Acocella Marchetto knows, that means it’s also a potentially good time to generate some gossip.
That’s why her friends—some of whom who write the gossip pages and some of whom who regularly appear in them—threw her a book party Tuesday at her husband’s restaurant Da Silvano to celebrate the publication day of her new graphic novel, “Ann Tenna.”
In it, Ann Tenna, who’s a bit Brenda Starr, a bit Nancy Sinatra and a bit Emma Peel, happens to be a gossip columnist. She is the uber-successful founder of the site Eyemauler. But when a collision with a garbage truck throws her in the hospital, she re-connects with her cosmic double which puts into question everything she knows about her life in the universe.
“Her actual arc is based on my life,” said Ms. Marchetto. “After having cancer, I thought about where am I going and karma and energy. I wanted my imprint on the planet to be a good one.”
This being a book about fashion and Manhattan, however, there are cameos by Gianni Versace, Coco Chanel, Page Six editor Emily Smith, the once-hot but long-gone nightclub Moomba, and even an appearance from this particular column.
ENLARGE Cicely and Sandra Bernhard Photo: Liam McMullan/PatrickMcMullan.co ENLARGE Sarah Arnell, Lucy Sykes and Wednesday Martin Photo: Liam McMullan/PatrickMcMullan.co “I love reading gossip,” said Ms. Marchetto. “I love hearing what people are doing. To me it’s the story of humanity. It’s like the pulse of the planet. People are so fascinating and so interesting, and you want to know what’s going on.”
Then again, she added, “sometimes you want to live in a mud hut with no Wi-Fi.”
Ms. Marchetto had the idea for the character of Ann Tenna about 20 years ago. Originally, she was a “tween-age” gossip columnist who lived in suburban New Jersey, “but she always had antenna hair that connected to the universe. I called her the human radio.” Nine or so years ago, after Ms. Marchetto published her graphic memoir “Cancer Vixen” about her experience with the disease, Ann Tenna morphed into an adult living in the gossip-centric universe of New York City.
“There are so many elements that go into a graphic novel, which is kind of good, because I’m a control freak,” she said. “Not only was I the writer and the illustrator, but I was the director, the casting director, the costume designer.”
At one point, she realized two characters had similar hair braids “and I wanted to fire the script girl who was in charge of continuity. Of course, I was the script girl.”
ENLARGE Model Anastasia Karter and designer LaQuan Smith Photo: Getty Images Among the guests who joined Ms. Marchetto on Tuesday were New Yorker editor David Remnick, Lucy Sykes and Euan Rellie, adman Richard Kirshenbaum, Dayle Haddon, Marla Maples, Alina Cho, Sandra Bernhard, Robert Verdi, Wednesday Martin, Erica Jong and Molly Jong-Fast and the fashion designer LaQuan Smith. Mr. Smith not only designed Ms. Marchetto’s blue dress for the evening, but he also helped make a wrap dress based on her book’s cover art, worn Tuesday by the redheaded model Anastasia Karter.
“I did think about wearing it myself,” said Ms. Marchetto, “but I tried it on and said, ‘Ugh, I don’t think so.’ You need someone long and lean.”
Ms. Marchetto plans to bring Ms. Karter and the outfit to other signings and readings she has planned over the next few weeks.
Also for the party, Ms. Marchetto’s mother, a one-time shoe designer, made lots of “Ann Tenna”-inspired treats. And with the help of Espionage Cosmetics, Ms. Marchetto made 500 “Ann Tenna”-inspired nail wraps. She had three manicurists on hand to apply them onto the nails of her guests.
“That was definitely the first time there were manicurists at Da Silvano,” she said.
Write to Marshall Heyman at marshall.heyman@wsj.com