Louisiana attorneys asked a federal appeals court on Wednesday to block the release of longtime inmate Albert Woodfox and allow prosecutors to try him a third time in connection with the 1972 death of a prison guard, but Woodfox’s lawyer said a fair trial would be impossible due to the passage of time and the death of key witnesses.
Defense attorney George Kendall also cited Woodfox’s age, 68, and poor health.
“He shouldn’t be made to run the gauntlet again,” Kendall told a three-judge panel of the fifth US circuit court of appeals.
Woodfox has long maintained his innocence over the 1972 stabbing death of prison guard Brent Miller. He is the last still-incarcerated member of a group that supporters dubbed the “Angola Three” for their decades-long stays in isolation at the Louisiana penitentiary at Angola and other state prisons.
US district judge James Brady in Baton Rouge ordered Woodfox’s “immediate” release in June and took the extraordinary step of barring a third trial for Woodfox over Miller’s death.
Related: America's longest-serving solitary confinement prisoner has conviction quashed
Arguing for the state, attorney Richard Stanley said Brady went too far. Obtaining a new indictment was the proper response to Woodfox’s two previous convictions being tossed out, he said.
“All of us age. Some of us get sick,” Stanley told the judges. “But we are always answerable to the law.”
Brady’s ruling had noted that 43 years have passed since the crime, key witnesses have died and there is no physical evidence linking Woodfox to the stabbing.
The state fought the decision and the fifth circuit extended a stay keeping Woodfox jailed during the appeal.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Angola three: Herman Wallace (now deceased), Robert King and Albert Woodfox. Photograph: angola3.com
The other two members of the “Angola Three” were Herman Wallace, who died in October 2013, just days after a judge granted him a new trial, and Robert King, who was released in 2001 after his conviction in connection with the death of a fellow inmate was overturned.
The state disputes human rights groups’ contentions that Woodfox has been held for decades in “solitary confinement”, saying that while in prison Woodfox was able to talk to other inmates, have visitors, watch television through the bars of his cell and leave the cell daily for an hour.
After his latest indictment over Miller’s death, Woodfox was transferred from a state prison to the West Feliciana parish detention center to await trial.