Video Transcript Transcript for Hillary Clinton on the Iran Deal Donald Trump and the Republicans there say making the case that when the deal is up there is nothing to stop Iran from getting a nuclear bomb and I pressed Hillary Clinton. I'm a new analysis that says when the dealers up Iran could be just weeks from a Bob. Here's how she answers. I wanted to ask you but a recent Brookings analysis that says after fifteen years a warning time if Iran decides to race for a bomb which treat two weeks. Does that concern. Of course it does everything about Iran concerns me a do not trust them you know two paraphrase. President Reagan you know don't trust and yes verify you say don't trust and verify you've also said cheat and you will pay right. Your former senate colleague Chuck Schumer. Against the deal saying inspections are not anywhere any time in that the 24 day delay before we can inspect. It's troubling does that 24 day waiting period W two. Anything about Iran and whether or not it will comply with the agreements it signs. I think cast remain an open question there's no doubt about that but this gives us time. It puts a lid on their nuclear weapons program it allows us frankly the to turn to deal with some of their other very troubling behavior. Our exclusive would Hillary Clinton politics for tonight. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Now Playing: Hillary Clinton: 'Everything About Iran Concerns Me' Now Playing: Fire Captain Pete Dern's Big Milestone Now Playing: Index: Queen Elizabeth II Makes History Now Playing: Apple Unveils New Products Now Playing: Parents' Nightmare: Mother's Chilling 911 Call Pleading for Help Now Playing: Hungary Accused of Aggression and Lack of Empathy for Refugees Now Playing: Kentucky Clerk Kim Davis Out of Jail and Greeted by Supporters Now Playing: Donald Trump and Ted Cruz Slam Iran Nuclear Deal on Capitol Hill Now Playing: Highway Sniper? 11 Incidents of Shootings in 11 Days in Phoenix Now Playing: British Airways Jet Bursts Into Flames at Las Vegas Airport Now Playing: FULL INTERVIEW: Hillary Clinton Sits Down With ABC's David Muir Now Playing: Hillary Clinton on the Iran Deal Now Playing: Elephant Crashes Party on Safari Now Playing: Index: Pope Announces Big Change for Catholics Who Divorce Now Playing: Dentist Who Killed Cecil the Lion Returns to Work Now Playing: Refugees on a Perilous Journey to Freedom Now Playing: Kentucky County Clerk Kim Davis Out of Jail Now Playing: Extreme Heat From Coast to Coast Now Playing: Hillary Clinton Tells ABC News' David Muir That Donald Trump's Claims That He Would Be Better on Women's Health Issues Are 'Laughable' Now Playing: Hillary Clinton Tells ABC News' David Muir That Joe Biden 'Could Be a Good President' Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":33643109,"title":"Hillary Clinton on the Iran Deal","duration":"1:16","description":"As Donald Trump leads a protest against the Iran nuclear deal on Capitol Hill, ABC News' David Muir asks the former secretary of state if there is cause for alarm.","url":"/WNT/video/hillary-clinton-iran-deal-33643109","section":"WNT","mediaType":"Default"}