FlipHTML5 offers a refreshingly new reading experience and user engagement through the best ever digital flipbook . The company believes that it is an ideal platform for publishers to produce interactive PDF flipbooks. Jackie Peng, who heads the customer service division of FlipHTML5, asserts that the functionality and features make it the best choice for publishing enterprises to take reader experience and engagement to the next level.
First and foremost, FlipHTML5 is available for free so that users can try it and believe it. The company offers an evidence based approach for readers to get a feel and experience of the powerful features like user interface, design and navigation by using the basic version. The free package comes loaded with a never seen before navigation that makes the reading experience surreal. The product development team of the company believes that the platform provides the feel of reading a real book because the premium technology engineered into the platform flips each page in the document just like a real book. This feature of the HTML5 PDF book makes the reading of texts, magazines, newsletters, journals and basically any type of document a seamless experience for users.
The biggest asset of the technology though is the freedom of content management that it offers to publishing enterprises by enabling edit and upgrades to the content that has already been published. The edit feature coupled with the function of upgrade makes it possible to add contemporary information while weeding out redundancies and obsolescence of the unnecessary and the old information. This way, readers get to stay updated with the latest and the happening stuff in the concerned subject matter with ease. Publishing enterprises can edit content with ease and thus streamline the editing process from being a cumbersome, time consuming and resource engaging task to a one-click process. The new version also gets to persist with the old permalink making access easier.
HTML5 digital flipbook is compatible with personal computers and hand held devices like smart phones thus making it a device agnostic platform for readers to experience interactive flipbook reading any time and at any place a pleasurable experience.
With all the power packed features and functionality for the best digital reading experience, the trial version of the product comes for free. Users can upgrade to the payable premium version on finding the facts of experience, look and feel to their contentment. The company FlipHTML5 believes that the product offers the best publishing and reading capabilities with a free trial offer for users to verify the functionality and performance in deeds before they invest in upgrading to the premium version.
Start out to publish the first flipbook on http://fliphtml5.com .