Submitted by admin on 9/30/2015 @ 5:00 AM   Sigma Systems 
TORONTO, ON -- (Marketwired) -- 09/30/15 -- Sigma Systems LP, a leader in catalog-driven omni-channel selling and fulfilment solutions for the communications, media and high-tech industries announced today its continued support of Free the Children's Adopt a Village Program by adopting the Village of Antri in the Rajasman District of India. 
The adoption of Antri comes after a successful sponsorship of the Village of Udawad. "Thanks to all of you, the progress that has been made in Udawad is clear, in both physical structures which now stand and in the actions and habits which have changed," said Kiersten Vizzacchero, Program Coordinator at Free the Children. "Without Sigma Systems' support and dedication, the growth in Udawad would not have come to fruition in the timespan and capacity that we see today." 
With Free the Children's on the ground efforts concluding in Udawad, operations were moved to a new location, the Northwest village of Antri. "We are excited to play a part in Free the Children's breaking ground in Antri, and to connect our support and passion to our new community," said Tim Spencer, CEO at Sigma Systems. 
Sigma's culture has been recognized this year in Toronto, all of Canada and the UK and is quickly becoming one of the recognized best places to work on any continent. "Social responsibility is an important facet of our culture here at Sigma," said Jocelyn Bryce, VP Human Resources at Sigma. "Our people care about having a positive global impact and we feel our partnership with Free the Children is a fantastic way to provide our employees with opportunities to give back." 
About Sigma Systems @SigmaSystems Sigma Systems is the pioneer in catalog-driven software for communications, media and high tech companies. The company's product portfolio spans product & service catalog, configure price quote, order management, service provisioning, service inventory, cloud brokerage and device management -- all of which can be deployed in the cloud or on-premise. Sigma products manage 100's of millions of services exceeding $150b of products defined and installed at over 75 customers in 40 countries. 
About Free the Children Free The Children is an international charity and educational partner. The organization is unique among Canadian charities in that it operates collaborative programs both domestically and internationally. 
In Canada, the US, and the UK, We Day and We Schools are initiatives of Free the Children that educate and empower young people. We Schools is a yearlong educational program that nurtures compassion in students and gives them the tools to create transformative social change. And We Day is a series of stadium-sized events that celebrate youth making a difference in their local and global communities. 
In Africa, Asia and Latin America, Free the Children partners with communities to implement Adopt a Village, a holistic, five-pillar international development model designed to achieve sustainable change.