Bell and Co-Author Brian Tracy Hit Two Amazon Best-seller Lists with the New Book, “Success Today”
San Francisco, CA (PRWEB) October 15, 2015
Morf Media, Inc., developer of the social training delivery platform, Morf Learning and Morf Playbook , today announced Ginger Bell, SVP of e-Learning at Morf Media earned three awards from The National Academy of Best-Selling Authors, an organization that honors authors from many of the leading independent best-seller lists. Bell was recognized for her leadership as a best-selling author for her book, "Success Today" with Brian Tracy. Bell also received an EXPY award for Excellence in Speaking and a Marketer of the Year Award.
Greg Rollett of the National Academy of Best-Selling Authors, commented: “Ginger is one of the leading innovators in her field, helping to create the next generation of leaders and high performers in the mortgage industry and financial services as a whole. “Writing and being recognized for her best-selling book, "Success Today" just goes to show how important her message is and why it needs to be in the hands of every leader across the world.”
Bell stated that she was thrilled with the recognition from this important organization. “I apply the principles in the "Success Today" book in all of my communications as an entrepreneur and industry training expert for Morf Media Inc. My “JEDI” training mission in life and work is to help professionals train, learn and perform at their best every day. With the game-changing platform we are developing at Morf Media, our customers and partners are 'morfing' training into an activity that’s fast, fun and easy.”
About Morf Media, Inc.
Morf Media, Inc. is the developer of Morf Learning and soon-to-be released Morf Playbook, the game-changing training delivery platform, made fast, fun and easy. For the first time, companies can provide one-to-one customized online training to their mobile workforce, partners and customers on a smartphone or tablet. Now in pilot with more than 100 companies and partners in the financial services and life sciences industries, Morf Playbook is proving to be cost-effective and engaging with its game-style courseware, developed by vertical industry training experts. Morf Playbook delivers interactive three-minute courses and a virtual Coach which empowers professionals to train, reference policy details and get reminders and compliance notifications on the go. As a mobile platform-as-a-service, Morf Playbook offers secure centralized reporting for managing governance, regulatory and compliance training on a sustained basis. Founded in 2013 by a seasoned management team, the company is based in San Francisco.
For more information, please visit http://www.morfmedia.com .
Contact:
Heidi Wieland
Vice President Marketing of Morf Media, Inc. USA
805-722-7413
Heidi(at)morfmedia(dot)com
 //www.prweb.com/releases/2015/10/prweb13023880.htm
 