Submitted by admin on 9/28/2015 @ 11:31 AM   Otoharmonics Corporation 
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. 28, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- For one in five Americans, tinnitus, or 'ringing in the ears', can have a substantial impact on their quality of life. From anxiety to sleep disturbance, the effects of tinnitus can reach into every aspect of a sufferer's wellbeing. A new peer-reviewed study published in the latest International Journal of Audiology suggests a new method to reduce tinnitus symptoms may improve the daily outlook for many. 
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150928/271404 
After completing a sound match using the Levo System to reproduce the unique characteristics of their tinnitus perception, custom therapy was created for each patient in the study. Using proprietary software on Apple iPod® touch mobile digital devices, patients listened to their personal sound therapy nightly while sleeping. Leveraging smart technology, the Levo System tracked changes in tinnitus intensity and measured patient's response to therapy over a three-month period of time. 
The average reduction in tinnitus intensity among patients in the study was 14.1 dB SPL which equates to a 62% reduction in perceived sound. This reduction in tinnitus intensity showed positive and statistically significant change in each patient's quality of life according to outcomes using three industry-standard tinnitus evaluations - the Tinnitus Functional Index, Tinnitus Handicap Inventory and Tinnitus Reaction Questionnaire. 
Full results of the study Impact of Reduction of Tinnitus Intensity on Patients' Quality of Life can be found in the International Journal of Audiology's September 2015 issue. 
To learn more about sound therapy using the Levo System visit www.otoharmonics.com 
About Otoharmonics Corporation Otoharmonics Corporation is a privately held company with headquarters in Portland, Oregon USA. An international team of world-class neuroscientists, clinicians, business professionals and patients, Otoharmonics has developed the Levo System for the management of tinnitus symptoms. With a personal approach and a deep understanding of the impact tinnitus can have, Levo is designed to be user-friendly and capable of delivering custom sound therapy based on the specific needs of each individual. 
Levo and Otoharmonics are registered trademarks of Otoharmonics Corporation.Apple and iPod Touch are registered trademarks of Apple Inc. 
Contact: