As the Chinese government continues to take steps to stabilize its economy, U.S. companies that do business there are left to wonder what will come next.
At least two Texas companies are taking the long view.
Rich Templeton, chief executive of Texas Instruments Inc., said Tuesday that he’s not too worried about China because his company is in for the long haul. Roughly 44 percent of the Dallas-based semiconductor company’s total revenue comes from products shipped to China, including Hong Kong.
Despite the recent turmoil, Fossil Group Inc. CEO Kosta Kartsotis still sees great opportunity in China and Asia in general. The Richardson-based retailer generates more than half of its sales from outside the United States, including about 13 percent from the Asia Pacific region.
China has ranked as the world’s fastest-growing economy, but its growth is slowing. The Chinese government just reported that imports fell 13.8 percent in August, one day after it revised last year’s economic growth downward. The government has introduced a series of measures in recent weeks to stabilize its extremely volatile stock market, which has fallen by 40 percent since June.
Weakening growth in China, the world’s second largest economy, is one of several external forces that are playing havoc with businesses in Texas and across the country in terms of their revenue, profit margins and ability to give customers and investors a sense of what’s ahead.
They’ve also had to deal with low oil prices, a strong U.S. dollar and other global economic woes. Last week, the head of the International Monetary Fund warned that global growth will be weaker than expected.
More U.S. companies than ever are doing business overseas, so the potential impact of a global slowdown is greater. The 50 largest companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500 index collectively have seen their share of revenue from outside the United States increase from 42 percent in 2010 to 67 percent as of their last fiscal year, according to data from S&P Capital IQ.
“No chip company is going to be completely immune” to China’s slowdown, said Craig Ellis, a semiconductor analyst for B. Riley & Co. He predicts that China’s woes will contribute to a decline in total revenue for about 60 chip companies this quarter from a year earlier — the first quarterly drop in three years.
“We still believe that over a 10- to 20-year period that the Chinese economy will be larger than it is today,” Templeton said Tuesday at an industry conference in New York. TI, which entered China in 2010 and now operates three facilities there, remains focused on continuing to build long-term relationships there, he said.
Much of the watches, jewelry and other fashion accessories that Fossil sells are made or assembled in China, which means a large percentage of its distribution to customers is dependent on the health of its manufacturing sources and factories in China. In addition, Fossil operates offices in six other Asian countries.
“The MERS [Middle East respiratory syndrome] outbreak in South Korea and economic downturns affecting Hong Kong and Macao are putting pressure on our near-term results,” Kartsotis said last month in a conference call. “We also still have significant growth ahead of us internationally, with Asia representing our biggest opportunity by far.”
The Associated Press contributed to this article.
Follow Sheryl Jean on Twitter at @SJeanDallas.