  World Property Exchange 
NEWPORT BEACH, Calif., Oct. 16, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Real estate tech startup, World Property Exchange , has signed two significant members to its Advisory Board -- Mr. Garry Cipponeri and Mr. Al Weiss. 
https://photos.prnewswire.com/prnvar/20151016/277699LOGO 
World Property Exchange founder Michael Gerrity stated, "We're very fortunate to have such esteemed and globally known individuals in their respective industries believe in our vision, become shareholders and join our Advisory Board in order to help us build and deploy our innovative real estate financial marketplace." 
Garry Cipponeri is the President and CEO of TradeRoom Capital Partners LLC. Prior to founding TradeRoom Capital in early 2015, Mr. Cipponeri retired in late 2014 as the Senior Vice President and Director of the Capital Markets Department for Chase Home Finance, the Mortgage Banking arm of JPMorgan. He joined Chase in August of 2004, and has been in the mortgage business / Capital Markets and Secondary Marketing functions for 39 years. Mr. Cipponeri is the former Chairman of the National MBA's Residential Board of Governors; has served two terms as Chairman of the Mortgage Bankers Association's Capital Markets Committee, and has served on the MBA's Board of Directors. 
Mr. Cipponeri commented, "In the coming decade automation and market consolidation are going to radically impact the real estate debt, equity and asset marketplace -- worldwide, and I believe World Property Exchange's emerging platform will be well positioned to become a major change agent of these industries in the coming years." 
After a successful 39-year career at Disney, Mr. Al Weiss retired in mid-2011 as President of Worldwide Operations for Disney's $10 Billion+/95,000 employee Walt Disney Parks and Resorts. He was in charge of operations at the company's theme parks and resorts including the Walt Disney World Resort, Disneyland Resort, and Disneyland Resort Paris, Disney Cruise Line, Disney Vacation Club, and "Adventures by Disney." 
Mr. Weiss commented, "Given today's highly fragmented $20 trillion global real estate industry, coupled with the significant increase of cross border property investment activity; World Property Exchange will be a welcomed and much needed service to help hundreds of millions of market participants worldwide transact real estate in a much more intelligent, seamless and cost effective manner." 
About World Property Exchange 
World Property Exchange is an emerging digital real estate marketplace and algorithmic-driven matching engine designed to connect people, property and capital in a more efficient, intelligent and cost effective manner on a global scale. 
To learn more, visit: www.WPEgroup.com Contact: David Pearson David Pearson Associates (Miami, Fla) (P) 305-798-8446 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/former-wall-street-disney-execs-join-world-property-exchange-advisory-board-300161267.html 
SOURCE World Property Exchange