Submitted by admin on 10/26/2015 @ 10:57 AM   Rockaway Capital 
SAN FRANCISCO and PRAGUE, Oct. 26, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Rockaway Capital, a global investment firm based in San Francisco, Prague and Sao Paolo, today announces that it has reached an agreement to acquire 100% of Netretail Holding B.V. and Heureka. Netretail Holdings is a leading online retail business in Central Europe, including the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Poland and Slovenia markets. Heureka, the #1 online price comparison business in the Czech Republic and Slovakia will also be included in the deal. The transaction remains subject to regulatory approvals. 
The more than EUR 200m acquisition, involving Naspers, and other shareholders, was led by Rockaway Capital, with Daniel Kretinsky, Patrik Tkac, and PPF Group providing the financing. This announcement is significant because revenue from Rockaway Capital's e-commerce holdings is now on track to exceed EUR 1Billion in revenue over the next few years. 
Rockaway is an investment firm building the Internet economy in emerging markets, via venture capital, private equity or its own incubation. Rockaway's e-Commerce Holding unit consists of grocery and non-food specialty e-commerce shops, a superstore generalist e-commerce retailer, price comparison engines, and a last-mile delivery network throughout Central and Eastern Europe. 
"The acquisition of NetRetail Holding and Heureka fulfills our vision to be the leading e-commerce player in the Central and Eastern European region, with the top general and specialty e-commerce companies in our portfolio. We will now focus on delivering a world class experience to our millions of customers and expanding our footprint in the region," said Jakub Havrlant, CEO Rockaway. 
"Rockaway is a very experienced e-commerce investor and I can't think of a better partner for the future of Netretail. This is an important milestone to continue the journey we started 15 years ago," said Ondrej Fryc, CEO and Founder of Netretail. 
About Rockaway Rockaway Capital is a global investment firm with offices in San Francisco, Prague and Sao Paolo. Run by Jakub Havrlant, the firm invests in high growth, transformational companies across e-commerce, B2B SaaS, fintech, and travel/transportation. Rockaway supports its portfolio through a value-creation program to build the necessary functions and competencies to help the company reach its objectives, scale globally and drive investment appreciation for investors. 
About Naspers: Founded in 1915, Naspers is a broad-based multinational internet and media group offering services in more than 130 countries. Its principal operations are in ecommerce (i.e. classifieds, online retail, marketplaces, online comparison shopping, payments and online services), video-entertainment and print media. The group also has minority investments in listed, integrated social-network platforms Tencent and Mail.ru. Naspers is listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (NPN.SJ) and has an ADR listing on the London Stock Ex change (LSE: NPSN). For more information, please visit www.naspers.com . 
Media Contacts PR & Communication Manager at Rockaway+420 739 917 468