ZCorum, an industry leader in the deployment of diagnostics tools and software for broadband providers, announced the addition of several new features in their TruVizion diagnostics software today at the 2015 SCTE Cable-Tec Expo. ZCorum will be featuring a range of diagnostic tools, and will present "hands-on" demonstrations of new TruVizion features including a tab that displays the downstream spectrum from any device that supports full band capture. Click to Tweet
TruVizion places key diagnostics data at operators’ fingertips. Accessing the spectrum data doesn’t require a separate server-side install or a separate desktop client. The spectrum for all channels passing through a compatible device, both data and video, can be viewed directly within TruVizion at the click of a button.
Another of the latest developments in TruVizion is a WiFi QoS report that looks at the performance of in-home WiFi access points embedded in cable gateways in comparison to the subscriber’s broadband package. “Quite often complaints about slow Internet are related to the subscriber’s in-home network,” said Scott Helms, ZCorum’s VP of Technology. “This new report will help operators determine if the WiFi performance in the home or business is significantly less than what the customer should be experiencing over their broadband connection”.
ZCorum has also added a Power Tab for viewing the status of power transponders that support the SCTE outside plant transponder MIBs. The screen displays battery information, current voltages, connection to commercial power, and any other values that can be collected for the device.
“We are continually updating TruVizion with new features specifically designed to help our customers reduce operational costs, increase the efficiency of their staff and improve the subscriber experience,” said Julie Compann, President and CEO of ZCorum. “These new features meet that goal, and we’re excited about demonstrating them at the Cable-Tec Expo this week.”
SCTE Cable-Tec Expo begins Tuesday, October 13th and runs through Friday, the 16th at the New Orleans Ernest N. Morial Convention Center. For more information about TruVizion or ZCorum, please visit booth 2517 at the Expo or their website at ZCorum.com .
About ZCorum
ZCorum provides a suite of broadband diagnostics and managed services to cable companies, telephone companies, utilities, and municipalities. As broadband providers face greater complexity and competition, ZCorum continues to help operators increase operational efficiency and reduce costs, while improving subscriber experience. This is achieved through ZCorum’s diagnostics solutions for DOCSIS, DSL and Fiber networks, plus managed services that include data and VoIP provisioning, residential and commercial VoIP service, branded email and Web hosting, along with 24x7 support for end-users. ZCorum is headquartered in Alpharetta, GA. For more information, please visit ZCorum.com.