AUSTIN, Texas , Sept. 4, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Luminex Corporation (NASDAQ: LMNX) today announced that management will present at the Morgan Stanley Global Healthcare Conference to be held September 16 - 18, 2015 , at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in New York City .
The investor presentation will begin at 11:40 a.m. Eastern time on Friday, September 18 , 2015. The presentation will be webcast live and may be accessed at Luminex Corporation's website at http://www.luminexcorp.com . Simply log on to the web at the address above, go to the Company section and access the Investor Relations link. Please go to the website at least 15 minutes prior to the event to register, download and install any necessary audio/video software. If you are unable to participate during the live webcast, the presentation will be archived for six months on the website using the 'replay' link.
ABOUT LUMINEX CORPORATION
Luminex is committed to applying its passion for innovation toward advancing healthcare and research worldwide. The Company is transforming global healthcare and life-science research through the development, manufacturing and marketing of proprietary instruments and assays utilizing xMAP ® open-architecture, multi-analyte platform and MultiCode ® real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and multiplex PCR-based technologies, that deliver cost-effective and rapid results to clinicians and researchers. Luminex's technology is commercially available worldwide and in use in leading clinical laboratories as well as major pharmaceutical, diagnostic, biotechnology and life-science companies. The Company is meeting the needs of customers in markets as diverse as clinical diagnostics, pharmaceutical drug discovery, biomedical research including genomic and proteomic research, personalized medicine, bio-defense research and food safety. For further information on Luminex Corporation and the latest advances in multiplexing using award winning technology, please visit http://www.luminexcorp.com .
Contacts:
Harriss T. Currie
Sr. Vice President, Finance and CFO
512-219-8020
hcurrie@luminexcorp.com
Matt Scalo
Sr. Director, Investor Relations
512-219-8020
mscalo@luminexcorp.com
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150201/172702LOGO
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/luminex-corporation-to-present-at-the-morgan-stanley-global-healthcare-conference-300138086.html
SOURCE Luminex Corporation