Social123 announced today the addition of installed software intelligence to their global dataset of over 250 million B2B professionals. This new custom search feature allows users to search using technology categories, technology names, and technology versions (ex: Windows 7, Windows 8). This new feature enables marketers to better define their audiences so that relevant content and messages are delivered to the right people, for game-changing campaign results. “At Social123 we fully embrace the philosophy of getting the right messages in front of the right people at the right time,” said Aaron Biddar, CEO of Social123. “With the addition of installed software intelligence, offered no where else, we can arm our customers with the data they need to get relevant messaging in front of exactly the right people, which is even easier now with this new feature.”
The new software search feature is available to all users and is situated in the platform with all of the other search criteria, like group affiliations, location, title, skills, and 22 other criteria for targeted searches. The installed software search can be paired with any of the other search criteria to ensure that you are targeting exactly the right people. For example, a user may need access to all CMOs that currently use Eloqua as their Marketing Automation Platform, and that are also located in the United States.
Non-clients can gain trial access to the platform at any time so that they can start querying the global database and perform counts to see how many contacts are available in their target range.
###
About Social123
Social123 is a leading data solution provider offering the largest and most accurate B2B contact database available. It is the only data provider that gathers global information in real-time.
Main functions of Social123:
Allows for the origination of net new targeted leads using custom search platform Allows customers to strategically grow their existing databases and hyper-segment their campaigns by appending 35+ fields of self-reported social data Allows for diminished bounce rates, higher engagement, and more conversions due to real-time data refreshes Allows for increased deliverability using its proprietary email validation software
Social123 has served over 1,500 customers since its inception in 2011 and was recently named the #194 fastest growing private company by Inc. 500.