Building Your Nest Egg Should Not Wait 07/20/2015 - 5:01 PM EDT 
NEW YORK ( MainStreet ) –- If you haven't gotten around to laying that nest egg yet, don't be surprised if it hatches later than you expect. 
Your rainy day fund or financial nest egg are crucial for financial stability, but the Great Recession made saving for either more difficult than it should have been. As a result, Voya Financial found that 74% of Americans have never calculated their monthly retirement income needs. 
Meanwhile, 51% of retirees have never tried to determine if their current savings will be enough to last through retirement – though 39% assume what they have will not last 20 years. A full 13% of current retirees don’t know how much savings they have in the bank in the first place. Franklin Templeton, meanwhile, found that 55% of Americans are considering working during their retirement , with 30% of those ages 18 through 24 planning to never retire at all. More Headlines When Considering Retirement Planning, Affluent Are Still Wary of Market Turbulence 
“If you wait too long, you might have to delay retirement and keep working a lot longer than you’d like,” says Melinda Kibler, a certified financial planner with Palisades Hudson Financial Group in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. 
According to a survey conducted earlier this year by CreditCards.com, 20% of Americans lose sleep by worrying about whether or not they're saving enough. That percentage jumps to 50% among Americans ages 50 through 64, but just about all demographics worry about having enough money to cover major life changes like having children or losing a job, nevermind retirement. Kibler advises keeping six to 12 months worth of expenses tucked away, but acknowledges that not enough people do so. 
The key obstacle is complacency: the lack of discipline that prevents people from prioritizing finances or forming and committing to a solid financial plan. With help from Kibler, HSBC financial advisor Brian Schwartz and Citizens Bank's head of everyday financial planning John Rosenfeld, we've amassed the following reasons for getting your nest egg or emergency fund together as soon as possible: 1