Are packaged bank accounts “the next PPI”? And if so, are you in line for a compensation payout?
It emerged this week that complaints to the financial ombudsman about these fee-charging current accounts have soared from around 30 a week in early 2013 to 1,000 a week now.
Some are wondering whether we are witnessing the birth of the next multibillion-pound banking scandal after payment protection insurance.
What are packaged bank accounts? They are current accounts that charge a monthly fee for a package of benefits such as travel insurance, mobile phone insurance and card protection. Costing up to £204 a year, they have become a big moneyspinner.
Currently available packaged accounts include the Silver and Platinum ones offered by Lloyds and Bank of Scotland, costing £9.95 and £17 a month respectively, and Select Silver and Select Platinum from NatWest and Royal Bank of Scotland, which cost £10 and £16 a month. Others include Halifax’s Ultimate Reward (£15 a month) and Nationwide’s FlexPlus (£10 a month).
So what’s the problem? Packaged accounts have long been slated as poor value by many commentators. Some people end up never making use of the extras they are paying for.
More recently, concerns have been voiced that some banks may have been mis-selling them. There have been complaints from people that they were pressured into taking one out – perhaps they were told they couldn’t have another product they wanted unless they signed up for one, or that having one would make it more likely they would be approved for a loan.
Some people have said they weren’t aware of restrictions – for example, some travel insurance policies included in packaged accounts have a maximum age that can be as low as 65.
So is this the new PPI? It depends who you talk to. The Financial Ombudsman Service is being deluged with batches of complaints submitted by claims management firms, many of which have clearly spotted a new money-making opportunity now that PPI complaints are starting to tail off. And it’s fair to say that the banks are starting to set aside large sums for potential compensation relating to packaged accounts: £307m in the case of RBS , and £250m at Barclays .
But while some of the complaints to the ombudsman are clearly legitimate and triggering payouts, it appears that a fair number of people are “chancing their arm” with a claim. The ombudsman service insists that we are not looking at the next huge scandal.
How many people are getting compensation? With packaged account complaints the “uphold rate” – where the ombudsman finds in the customer’s favour – is just 10%. So one in 10 people are winning. The average uphold rate for all financial products is 57%.
But that only tells you part of the story. Some people will have received compensation from their bank without the ombudsman service even having to get involved.
That low uphold rate partly reflects the fact that some claims firms have been sending in batches of complaints that don’t stand up to scrutiny. “A significant number of the complaints brought by claims managers are not being upheld,” the ombudsman service told us.
So how do I make a claim? If you think you may have been mis-sold your account, don’t use a claims management firm – complain directly to your bank first (consumer organisation Which?’s template letter is on its website ), and if you don’t get any joy you can take your case to the ombudsman service (you can download a complaint form at financial-ombudsman.org.uk ).
How much are people getting? If the ombudsman finds in your favour, you’ll typically get a refund of the fees you have paid, plus interest at 8% a year. But if you made use of any of the non-insurance benefits, such as a preferential overdraft or loan rate, their value will usually be deducted. In some cases there’s a bit extra for “trouble and upset”.
But the ombudsman service says most don’t involve similar amounts to PPI claims, where the average compensation is about £2,750.
So are all packaged current accounts rubbish? No. Which? generally isn’t a fan, but late last year it analysed their value for money .
It concluded that the one offering the best value was Nationwide’s FlexPlus, which costs £120 a year and comes with worldwide family travel insurance including winter sports, comprehensive breakdown cover, and 3% interest on credit balances of up to £2,500. It gave FlexPlus an 83% score – while bottom of the table, with just 42%, was the NatWest/RBS Select Silver.