Accounting Today names top 100 Best Accounting Firms to Work for
Atlanta, Georgia (PRWEB) September 17, 2015
Frazier & Deeter was recently named as one of the 2015 Accounting Today’s Best Accounting Firms to Work for. Accounting Today has partnered with Best Companies Group to identify CPA firms that have excelled in creating quality workplaces for employees.
“Frazier & Deeter is excited to be named one of the Best Accounting Firms to Work for,” said Seth McDaniel, Managing Partner of Frazier & Deeter. “We have made it a priority to invest the time and resources it takes to develop our people and ensure Frazier & Deeter is a place they want to stay for the long term. We are honored to be recognized for this great award.”
This survey and awards program is designed to identify, recognize and honor the best employers in the accounting industry.
Companies from across the United States entered the two-part survey process to determine Accounting Today’s Best Accounting Firms to Work for. The first part consisted of evaluating each nominated company's workplace policies, practices, philosophy, systems and demographics. This part of the process was worth approximately 25% of the total evaluation. The second part consisted of an employee survey to measure the employee experience. This part of the process was worth approximately 75% of the total evaluation. The combined scores determined the top companies and the final ranking. Best Companies Group managed the overall registration and survey process, analyzed the data and determined the final ranking.
“The firms on this list represent the best workplaces in the accounting profession,” said Accounting Today Editor-in-Chief Daniel Hood. “They are outstanding places to build a career.”
For more information on Accounting Today’s Best Accounting Firms to Work for program, visit http://www.BestAccountingFirmsToWorkFor.com .
About Frazier & Deeter
Frazier & Deeter is a nationally recognized CPA and Advisory firm headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. The has been named the 57th largest CPA firm in the United States and one of the Fastest Growing CPA firms among the top 100 firms in the U.S. by Accounting Today magazine. Frazier & Deeter has also been named a Best of the Best CPA firm by Inside Public Accounting and a best firm for women by Project MOVE.
 //www.prweb.com/releases/2015/09/prweb12965009.htm
 