Why would an Accountant pay over $100 each month to outsource payroll when ezPaycheck payroll software is only $89 per calendar year (no monthly fees) for all payroll needs? Halfpricesoft.com has created a comprehensive payroll software with several report updates which can now accommodate the needs of accountants, small to mid-size businesses , agricultural employers, non-profits and the self-employed. “Accountants are switching to in-house ezPaycheck payroll software to benefit from the latest report updates.” said Dr. Ge, founder of Halfpricesoft.com.
ezPaycheck automatically calculates net pay, federal withholding tax, Social Security tax, Medicare, state and local payroll taxes. It also easily prepares forms 940, 941, W2 and W3.
EzPaycheck payroll software is ideal for accountants needing the following features:
Offers free customer support for software during trial period and after purchase Supports multiple differential pay rates such as: hourly, salary, night shift, by piece, by load, or by mileage rates for employees
Supports multiple accounts at no additional charge
Supports network access for 2-10 users
Supports daily, weekly, biweekly, semimonthly and monthly payroll periods. Features report functions, print functions, and pay stub functions
Prints miscellaneous checks as well as payroll calculation checks
Prints payroll checks on blank computer checks or preprinted checks
Automatically calculates federal withholding tax, social security, medicare tax and employer unemployment taxes
Includes built-in tax tables for all 50 states and the District of Columbia
Creates and maintains payrolls for multiple companies, and does it simultaneously
Prints Tax Forms 940, 941, W-2 and W-3
Accountants can test drive ezPaycheck payroll software without cost or obligation
Whether test-driving it for use with a school programs or trying out features for use with a business, new customers can sample ezPaycheck payroll software and all of its features free for 30 days. Customers can download ezPaycheck at http://www.halfpricesoft.com . All features are included, along with a sample database for testing. For continued use beyond 30 days, a full-use license key can be purchased for just $89 per installation for the non-network version.
There is never a cost or obligation to test this low cost, high quality software application. Download at http://www.halfpricesoft.com/index.asp
About Halfpricesoft.com
Halfpricesoft.com is a leading provider of small business software, including payroll software, employee attendance tracking software, accounting software, check printing software, W2, software, 1099 software, and ezACH direct deposit software. Software from halfpricesoft.com is trusted by thousands of customers and will help small business owners simplify their payroll processing and business management.