  31 July 2015 12:55 CET Guinness Commissions GH¢350,000 Waterhealth Center By Daily Guide 
Guinness Ghana Breweries Limited (GGBL), Ghana's only total beverage business, has inaugurated a GH¢350,000 Water Health Centre for the people of Akomade located in the Atebubu-Amantin District of the Brong Ahafo region. 
The facility is part of its Water of Life programme, which seeks to provide sustainable access to clean drinking water to un-served and under-served communities in the country. 
The facility, which is jointly funded by GGBL and the Diageo Foundation (the foundation of its parent company Diageo) has sufficient capacity to serve the needs of over 25,000 inhabitants in Akomade and its environs. 
Speaking at the commissioning, Preba Greenstreet, Corporate Relations Director of GGBL said, 'GGBL is passionate about growing thriving communities through the sustainable provision of clean drinking water and sanitation. 
'Over the last two years alone, GGBL and the Diageo Foundation have jointly sponsored nine Water Health Centres across the country. 
The Akomade centre is the 10th such centre, and as such today is indeed a milestone and we are truly excited about the impact we have made and continue to make through our Water of Life programme.' 
He said, 'As we make significant strides in improving access to water, let us not forget that sanitation is of equal importance. As a nation, we have failed to meet the Millennium Development Goal sanitation target and we require the collective effort of all coupled with behavioural change across the board to improve and change the status quo.' 
Justice Samuel Agyei, Deputy Brong-Ahafo Regional Minister, expressed appreciation to GGBL and the Diageo Foundation for supporting the Akomade community and entreated the community leadership to take ownership of the facility and support the project managers to ensure its long-term sustainability. 
'The provision of water is not enough to ensure we are a Cholera-free or Diarrhoea-free community. We need to do our part by keeping our township clean. Indiscriminate disposal of waste and other related behaviours must stop. We thank corporate bodies such as GGBL for contributing to the government's effort to make portable water accessible to all.' 
Akomade was selected because GGBL sources its raw materials from the area for the production its Ruut Extra Premium Beer through an indigenous firm.