The New Delhi-Agra-Jaipur circuit will begin from November 21 and promises to be worth every penny
Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) has rolled out a rail-based weekend travel package from November 21 that allows fast-paced travellers to zip through the Golden Triangle - the three historic and vibrant cities of Delhi, Agra and Jaipur - in three Shatabdi Express trains. The two-day rail tour package to Agra and Jaipur from Delhi is an initiative in which train tickets in three Shatabdi Express have been linked to offer a comfortable and hassle-free travel schedule to those travellers for whom time is precious.
"This is one of the innovative travel packages which eminently suits those travellers who are planning a short-duration getaway. The package allows them to experience the magnificence of some of the most famous monuments in India," said IRCTC chairman and managing director A K Manocha. Shatabdi trains are amongst the fastest trains on the Indian railway network and provide air-conditioned travel with onboard meals. The package, slated for every Saturday and Sunday, will be beginning from November 21.
The one night/two days Golden Triangle package begins with guests boarding the Delhi-Habibganj Shatabdi early morning at New Delhi station and de-boarding at Agra.
Sight-seeing
The package includes sightseeing of the world famous Taj Mahal, the Agra Fort and Id-Mat-ud-daula with lunch at a star hotel in Agra. Following this, the guests board the Agra-Jaipur Shatabdi to reach Jaipur for the overnight halt. The next morning, after breakfast, guests would be taken to the famous Amber Fort, the 16th century palace known for large ramparts, gates and cobbled paths. Lunch will be organised at the hotel. Post-lunch, guests will have an opportunity to savour the grandeur of the Jaipur rulers at the city palace museum. On the final leg of the journey, guests will travel on Jaipur-New Delhi Shatabdi Express to reach here.
All sightseeing will be conducted in air-conditioned vehicles with experienced licensed guides onboard to narrate the stories and aesthetics involving the monuments, Manocha said. The package is priced at Rs 9,444 per person on a double occupancy basis, and it excludes the entrance fee to monuments. "It will definitely be a very rewarding experience for a journey having a two-day duration," Manocha added.
The package can be booked online on IRCTC's tourism portal, www.irctctourism.com and one can also ring up toll-free number 1800110139 for more details.
Get on board
* Shatabdi trains are amongst the fastest on the Indian railway network and provide air-conditioned travel with onboard meals. * The package includes sightseeing of Taj Mahal, Agra Fort, Id-Mat-ud-daula and Amber Fort * It is priced at Rs 9,444 per person on double occupancy basis and excludes entrance fee to monuments * For more details, visit www.irctctourism.com or call 1800110139 * All sightseeing will be conducted in air-conditioned vehicles with experienced licensed guides onboard to narrate stories