The suspect arrested in Bangkok on Saturday. by Thomas Fuller Thai security forces raided an apartment building in a Bangkok suburb just before dawn Saturday and arrested a foreign man the authorities believe was involved in the deadly bombing of a Bangkok shrine nearly two weeks ago.
The police said they found bomb-making materials and stacks of fake Turkish passports in the apartment, but they did not announce the nationality of the suspect, or his name.
The seizures and arrest were possibly the first major breakthroughs in an investigation that has been criticised for its missteps and slow pace.
The August 17 explosion at the Erawan Shrine in Bangkok's central shopping district killed 20 people and was the worst attack of its kind in recent Thai history. More than 100 people were wounded and close to three dozen remain hospitalised.
General Somyot Poompanmoung, head of Thailand's national police force, said he was confident that the suspect was linked to the bombing and said he appeared to be part of a larger network.
"We believe some of them are on the run in the country and some of them may have fled the country," he said.
'Not transnational terrorism' Somyot declined to discuss the motives of the group but described them as driven by a "personal grudge on behalf of their friends."
 "It's not transnational terrorism," he said.
Thai authorities have openly said they are reluctant to describe the attack as terrorism over fears it would hurt the country's tourism industry, a growing part of an economy that has struggled in recent years. More than 20 million visitors have come to the country this year.
The shrine is especially popular among ethnic Chinese tourists from across East Asia and more than half of the dead in the bombing were ethnic Chinese, raising questions about the motive for the attack.
The Thai media speculated Saturday that any Turkish connection to the blast would increase the chances that the attack was in retaliation for Thailand's forced repatriation of around 100 ethnic Uighurs to China in July. The Uighurs are an ethnic minority in western China who speak a language related to Turkish.
The repatriation was widely criticised at the time by the United Nations and Western governments because of the prospect that the Uighurs would face persecution. Thailand's consulate in Istanbul was attacked soon after the Uighurs were sent back.
But any Uighur connection to the blast remained far from certain Saturday. Copies of the passport used by the arrested suspect circulated on social media Saturday and appeared to be a crude counterfeit of a Turkish passport. There was no date of issue; instead "Date of Expiry" was repeated twice. Among at least four misspelled words was Istanbul, using the wrong Turkish letters.
Diplomats contacted Thailand is a major production hub of fake passports, an underground industry that churns out a wide range of travel documents.
Thai authorities said they were contacting "diplomats" about the arrest on Saturday but did not say from which country. They also said they had trouble communicating with the suspect and were seeking interpreters.
Before Saturday, the police had said they had few leads in the investigation. Security cameras show a man in a yellow shirt placing a bag under a bench at the shrine shortly before the explosion, which occurred during the evening rush hour.
The arrest Saturday was made at an apartment in a predominantly Muslim neighbuorhood in the northern suburbs of Bangkok. The police showed images of numerous fuses, metal pipes and bags of ball bearings that resembled those used in the blast.
The suspect began renting the apartment on July 31, the police said. The bomb-making equipment seemed to raise the possibility that the group was planning further attacks.
The suspect was charged with possession of bomb-making materials and put under military custody.
Thailand has been under military rule since May 2014.