Source: Movement Search Asheville, North Carolina- Movement Search and Delivery www.movementsearch.com is working with an industry leading manufacturing client that has been in business for over 100 years. Due to their growth, they have a newly opened position for a Financial Analyst. What you will do: The Financial Analyst works to provide timely and accurate financial reporting to departmental managers as well as corporate accounting. The position assists assigned areas in financial management, automates current departmental reporting activities, and provides quality financial information and understands key drivers to facilitate sound business decisions. The role develops, analyzes and interprets financial information to monitor performance for specific areas and departments, works to improve and safeguard mill accounting controls, and participates in monthly and annual financial closing process, while also preparing the location's annual operating plan. Additionally, the Finance Analyst provides timely, quality financial information to the mill that supports operations, monitors mill and departmental costs, reports on trends and investigates exceptions, and completes ad-hoc business analysis that assists to develop business direction, while also assisting in profit forecasting. What you will need: Bachelor's Degree in Accounting. Current experience in finance. Experience in a manufacturing environment. SAP experience is a plus. Our client offers an outstanding relocation package, comprehensive benefits and strong compensation. If you have ALL of the required qualifications for this position and are skeptical about sending in a resume to someone you have never spoken with, give us a call. We try to rise above the recruiting rhetoric by giving our contact information in order to provide you as much information as possible. We go to great lengths to work directly with the hiring managers for the positions we represent so our job descriptions truly reflect the needs of the organization. Please send your resume and current compensation to: 
Greg Giltner jobs@movementsearch.com (Yes, this email goes to a real person.) (843) 314-1883