Millennials looking to work overseas should not expect a company to do it for them. Share on twitter by Lucille Keen Almost 90 per cent of the latest generation to hit the workforce, the millennials, think employers should offer international career opportunities as part of their training and development programs, a new report has found.
But it seems Generation Yers are set to be disappointed if they are relying on their employers to send them overseas.
A paper focusing on Generation Y and its job search habits by recruitment firm Robert Walters identified a strong expectation by these employees for overseas placements.
Of the more than 1000 professionals surveyed in the millennial age bracket (those born between 1980 and 2000), 88 per cent said they would value the opportunity to have an international posting.
However, of the 400 hiring managers surveyed, it is obvious many Australian companies cannot fill this request. Three in four employers do not offer international career opportunities.
Australian Human Resources Institute chairman Peter Wilson said moving people overseas is expensive and young people with offshore aspirations should not expect a company to do it for them.
"A career goes for 60 years nowadays, not 40 years," Mr Wilson said.
James Nicholson, managing director at Robert Walters Australia and New Zealand, said the drive for international opportunities stems from the generation of digital natives growing up in a largely borderless world, with greater access to international travel and an understanding of the global economic and business landscape.
 "After Australia experiencing 25 years of growth, they have grown up on foreign holidays and haven't had parents losing jobs or homes," Mr Nicholson said.
"The difficulty is in most instances if you move internationally for work, you go backwards. You can't always transfer and expect to go forwards. The other issue arises from the fact many millennials are not prepared to go where the job will take them. Many demand Hong Kong, New York or London. There is a certain naivety."
Managing expectations Mr Nicholson said it comes down to how companies communicate expectations with staff.
He said when mangers say no to an overseas transfer, they need to explain why.
More than half of the millennials surveyed said they had experienced or witnessed conflict between different generations in the workplace, with their generation were most likely to disagree with Baby Boomers.
However, the Baby Boomer and Generation X respondents said their biggest conflict was with the millennial age group.
Mr Nicholson said it was a challenge for companies who in some cases have four generations in the workplace, all with different ideas.
He said organisations should look to connect with global partners in order to retain talent and help develop their employees.
The report found 35 per cent of millennials specified that they work because they want to earn money to support their lifestyle and 35 per cent because they want to fulfil their potential.
A positive attitude to work was the most important characteristic millennials wanted from their co-workers, with 82 per cent saying this was vital.
The job search channels most frequently used by millennials were career websites, employer websites, recruitment company websites and LinkedIn.
When asked how long they intended to stay in their current jobs, one-third said it would depend on how their career developed and another third said they would stay as long as they were kept happy.
Mr Wilson said skill is knowledge plus experience.
He said employees at high risk of taking flight could find themselves facing companies who invest less in them.
"If they're seen to be volatile or mobile between the ages of 20 to 30, employers are reluctant to invest a lot in them until they show signs of committing to the organisation or demonstrate they want a long-term role," Mr Wilson said.
"Big financial institutions don't put people offshore until they show they can contribute more than they cost."