People inside houses wait to be rescued as the houses are submerged in water flooded from a river in Joso, Ibaraki prefecture, northeast of Tokyo. Heavy rain is pummeling Japan for a second straight day, overflowing rivers and causing landslides and localized flooding in the eastern part of the country. by Issei Kato Japan evacuated about 100,000 people from their homes on Thursday, after rare torrential rains unleashed floods that washed away houses and left at least two people missing.
A further 800,000 people across eastern Japan have been advised to evacuate after officials issued pre-dawn warnings of unusually harsh rainfall to 5 million people.
Television broadcast pictures of helicopters plucking individuals from rooftops as houses were swept off their footings as rivers burst their banks.
Some areas received double the usual September rainfall within 48 hours after tropical storm Etau swept across the central part of Japan's main island of Honshu.
A 63-year old woman was missing after a landslide hit her home, while a man in his 70s in the town of Joso, about 56 km north of Tokyo, was feared trapped in his home when floods swept it away, NHK national television said.
Japan has put heavy emphasis on disaster prevention since the 2011 earthquake and tsunami disaster that left nearly 20,000 dead. It is eager to avoid the criticism faced by previous governments for what was seen as a sluggish response.
"The government will work as one to prioritise the safety of the people and do our best to prevent any further disaster," Prime Minister Shinzo Abe told reporters, and warned of unprecedented rains.
Television footage showed people in Joso waving towels while waiting for help on the upper floors of homes engulfed in floods as the Kinugawa river swept through.
 Part of a hotel in the town of Nikko, famed for its shrines and temples, had collapsed, the Kyodo news agency said, but there were no reports of injuries.
Rainfall reached 600 mm in the area around Joso, with weather officials expecting at least 200 mm more in parts of eastern Japan, including Fukushima, the site of the nuclear reactor crippled in 2011, before the downpour stops on Friday.
The Kinugawa river, which runs through Joso, broke its banks at about 12.50 pm, public broadcaster NHK said. TV footage showed houses being dragged away by the flood and helicopters airlifting people from homes in danger of being swept away.
Nearly 300 homes were flooded by early afternoon, according to the Fire and Disaster Management Agency. Kyodo News reported that 2,500 people had been evacuated in Joso, with 39 rescued by the Self-Defense Forces. One person has been reported missing, Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters in Tokyo.
Contaminated water at Tokyo Electric Power's Fukushima Dai-Ichi facility leaked into the Pacific Ocean, company spokesman Tatsuhiro Yamagishi said by phone, adding that company is still investigating the leak.