  Advantage Funding Grows Sales Team in Southeast September 09, 2015, 07:25 AM Related: Advantage Funding , Vocational Trucks 
Advantage Funding announced the hiring of Michael “Mike” Kendro to its growing sales team. Kendro will serve as Regional Sales Manager, handling vocational sales in the company’s Southeastern Region. “Mike will deepen our sales presence and servicing ability in North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia,” said Don Coolbaugh, chief sales officer. “Transportation firms across the U.S. depend on us for customized financing and highly personable service. Adding Mike to our team means that more firms will experience the Advantage Funding difference.”Prior to his appointment with Advantage Funding, Kendro served as Outside Leasing and Rental Manager for Transource Truck and Trailer, based in Greensboro, N.C. There he produced hundreds of thousands of dollars in new truck sales leads and full service leases, and made significant contributions to the company’s parts, service, and truck-rental business. Before Transource, Kendro was National Sales Manager for Fortegra Financial-Universal Equipment Recovery Group of Jacksonville, Fla. There he led national marketing and sales efforts, including the negotiation of a $500,000 private-label portfolio purchase. He also spent more than 10 years with Volvo Financial Services, helping to establish their independent brand. During his time there, he held several significant positions, including Regional Sales Manager. Earlier, Kendro held commercial-finance sales positions with CitiCapital and Navistar Financial. “With Advantage Funding, I’m getting back to the work I’m best at,” said Kendro. “My background is grounded in commercial finance. I’m looking forward to renewing professional relationships and starting new ones as I introduce commercial equipment dealers and end- users to the great products and services of Advantage.”Kendro is a graduate of Michigan State University in East Lansing, where he received his B.A. in Marketing. Most Popular