View Photo 

It may not have been the bloodbath that some had feared, but the Greek tragedy haunting Australian financial markets still has a long way to run. 
Even so, the Australian dollar proved an early casualty from the unexpected jolt from Greece resoundingly voting "no" to severe austerity measures imposed by its European creditors in Sunday's referendum. 
The currency dropped to a six-year low below 75 US cents, while the local share market ended around one per cent lower. 
This was less than last Monday's two per cent tumble in share prices in response to Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras' snap decision to call the referendum just days out from defaulting on a 1.5 billion euros ($A2.20 billion) loan from the International Monetary Fund. 
An emergency EU Council meeting on Tuesday will provide an important guide as to whether European politicians will be prepared to cut an improved deal for Greece, or whether the country goes further down the path to an exit from the euro. 
"It is still not clear how things will eventually turn out," National Australia Bank chief economist for markets Ivan Colhoun says. 
Acting Australian Treasurer Bruce Billson agreed that there are many unknowns facing financial markets flowing from the Greek debt crisis. 
"It's an important opportunity for the Greek community and European creditors to re-engage and discuss where to from here," he told reporters in Melbourne. 
Mr Billson reassured investors that Australia has only a modest direct exposure to the Mediterranean country and it is fortunate to have strong banking institutions and many economic strengths. 
TD Securities strategist Prashant Newnaha expects developments in Europe will rate a mention when the Reserve Bank holds its monthly board meeting on Tuesday. 
"But (they) are unlikely to be a key driver of deliberations," he said. 
He expects the central bank is comfortable keeping the cash rate at a record two per cent, although weak economic figures in the weeks and months ahead could still mean the next move is more likely to be down than up. 
Inflation would clearly not stand in the way of another cut, with the TD Securities-Melbourne Institute inflation gauge rising by 0.1 per cent in June for an annual rate of just 1.5 per cent, well below the RBA's two to three per cent target band. 
Other figures showed job advertising rose 1.3 per cent in June, a positive result heading into Thursday's crucial labour force report. 
But ANZ chief economist Warren Hogan said it is difficult to see jobs growth remaining as strong as it has been this year with economic growth remaining below trend. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Many unknowns as Greek crisis unfolds AAP 
It may not have been the bloodbath that some had feared, but the Greek tragedy haunting Australian financial markets …