Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... 
Fri, Oct 16, 2015, 15:40 BST - UK Markets close in 50 mins. UK Biotech Star Cell Medica Eyes Nasdaq Float By (c) Sky News 2015 | Sky News – 48 minutes ago View Photo 

A rising star of the UK biotech sector is exploring a flotation on New York's Nasdaq (NasdaqGS: NDAQ - news ) stock exchange despite a pledge to overhaul drug pricing made by Hillary Clinton, the US Democratic presidential hopeful. 
Sky News has learnt that Cell Medica, which counts Neil Woodford, the UK's best-known fund manager, among its leading shareholders, is in talks with investment banks about a listing that could take place as soon as next year. 
Cell Medica, which specialises in cellular immunotherapy to treat cancer, was set up after its founder, Gregg Sando, completed his degree at Imperial College London in 2005. 
The company has since raised a number of rounds of private funding, including from Woodford Investment Management, Mr Woodford's former employer Invesco Perpetual, and Imperial Innovations Group. 
Last November, it announced a $50m fundraising to advance its product development pipeline, which focuses on treatments which use the body's natural defences to fight cancer and other diseases. 
"Immunotherapy is one of the most exciting and fast-moving areas in cancer research right now, and Cell Medica is at the forefront of developing a new paradigm for the safe and effective treatment of patients with advanced lymphomas," Mr Sando said at the time. 
The prospect of an initial public offering of Cell Medica has been speculated upon for some time, but the talks with banks suggest that it is now under serious consideration. 
Cell Medica is one of a breed of fast-growing UK biotech companies which seek to access the capital markets to accelerate their expansion. 
One potential brake on a Nasdaq listing could be the remarks made by Mrs Clinton that she would want to overhaul drug pricing if she makes it into the White House after next year's presidential election. 
Shares (Berlin: DI6.BE - news ) in biotech companies have fallen sharply since those remarks, affecting the value of funds such as Mr Woodford's Patient Capital Trust, which have a significant exposure to the sector. 
The UK fund manager is said to prefer the idea of London listings for the companies he backs, but allies said he was sanguine about the option of a Nasdaq listing for Cell Medica. 
Nonetheless, if a US offering of shares does take place, it is likely to be interpreted in some quarters as a blow to the City. 
Any listing could be put back by market volatility, and the company is under no pressure to raise funds through the public markets, according to insiders. 
A Woodford spokesman declined to comment on Friday, while Cell Medica did not respond to a request for comment.